{probably the most overrated place in the phoenix area. there pizza tastes way too much like their canned tomato sauce and there is always a wait to be seated. 

that being said there food overall is ok. there meat salad and cal-zones are good and the servers are friendly. for all the people out there giving it more than 3 stars: try other pizza places like spinatos, la grande orange, pizzeria bianca.}{alright, so here is my two cents on brat haus. i suggest to steer clear of the brats i tried (beer brat & spicy thai).  i found them a bit dry and bland.  i also found the pretzels less than fabulous. i do suggest to try to big, juicy, tasty, meatballs. much better choice. the outside patio very cool, an open fresh space with plenty of seating and a big ol' wall of funky art. the service was also friendly, and attentive and fair prices. overall, it's totally worth checking out if you are in the area and in the mood for something different.}{went here today sunday about 8:50 and it was crowded but not to bad, about 1/2 hour wait. im warning you now, dont ask how much longer after you put your name in if they told you how long when you checked in. 

about 10am is when it really got packed, just about when we got done. i ordered the chicken and waffles and i really liked it. i asked for some butter for my waffle because it didnt come with any and it made the dish perfect for me. the chicken had great flavor and when you take a bite with the waffle and butter and the syrup, heaven. i tried some bites without the butter and it wasnt even close to be the same for me. 
my grandma got some omellete and she gave me some because she knew she wouldnt finish it and i would order that also. the omelletes are pretty good size but my wifes dish, my sons and mine where not that much food especially for $9. we are use to getting enough food for 2 when you eat at breakfast places and slighty cheaper. not complaining because it was good but be ready. 
there was 2 guys sitting next to use and trying to eat there 30 minute food challange. big ass egg plate with bacon and hash browns, they both only made thru about halfway.  i would definilty go back and get the same stuff. i also got a lemonade with mint and it was just right. my son really didnt like his reese's pancakes.
id like to go back and try some of this stuff ham steak w/ gravy, chicken fried steak w/ hashbrowns, bannana pecan caramel french toast}{on a early saturday evening, the band was playing the crowd was just starting to meander in.  going further inside in an attempt to avoid the high volume of the band whose audio was piped in throughout the restaurant (i failed) i realized shortly that i must of been missed siting in the middle of the dinning are as the wait staff moved smartly from the kitchen to the front delivering the drinks and food to the patrons. i ask a member of the staff was i sitting in the wrong area and soon service was rendered.  

food, nothing special but it is more of a bar than a restaurant.  although the atmosphere was unique, i do have a question why cameras were in the mens room.}{love this location at gainey ranch! great food consistently!}{our server gary was awesome. food was amazing...an experience.}{pupusas?? as a hardcore mexican food enthusiast i was intrigued by the concept but barely able to figure out how this fascinating dish was pronounced.  i am proud to say that i am a huge fan of pupusas now.  

salvadoreno popped up in a search of mine to find a low-key, nice sunday night place to relax and enjoy some food.  it definitely was worth the visit to an interesting part of mesa.

the restaurant is very similar to a lot of mexican food restaurants anyone who has lived in phoenix will be familiar with.  one room with several tables and a counter with interestingly-named dishes posted behind it.  the waitress was very friendly, but i will say that knowing a little spanish helped.  my girlfriend and i both ordered the pupusa combo platter, real risky based on other reviews - i know.  i went with pollo and the revuelta mixed with pork, cheese and beans.  she had the chicken as well with carne asada.  this little dish is fantastic!  i think next time i'll just stick with getting two pupusas because i was extremely full and did not need to add rice and beans to the mix (although those were good too.)

the only disappointment was the fact that independence day was on the tv in spanish, but the volume was too far down to hear.  i'd love to hear the voice-over actor for will smith busting out a "bienvenidos a tierra, p***!"

on a more serious note, i look forward to heading back here as soon as possible.  i'd love to try the ceviche, as it's on the best of phoenix list, and there are a few other dishes (think breakfast) that looked intriguing.}{we started each morning of our vacation at the breakfast club.  everything was so tasty; juices are fresh-squeezed.  menu has quite a variety and portions are very filling  it gets busy early.  be sure to give it a try.}{the food here is awesome every time i come here we have a great time and the waitress kimberly couldn't ask for better waitress}{ok, i've decided that other coffee shops sell swill. i think about dazbog coffee in a dreamy sort of way, like unstressed people think about sex. i mourn often that they open so damn late in the morning. seriously, i would be there every day... 

the chocolate cappuccino rocks my world and perks me right the hell up, even on the mushiest afternoon. no bitterness, not overly sweet, just blissful- in an i've-just-been-bitch-slapped-by-caffeine sort of way, of course. 

oh, and the sandwiches i complained about? replaced by real deli looking ones in clam-shells. far more appetizing. but what the hell do i need a sandwich for when i can have a giant red velvet cupcake? 

don't make me break out the voodoo, dazbog. just open at 6:00 am like any other coffee shop and we'll be bffs.}{we had a delicious meal with great service.  awesome!}{what's not to love? herb n flavors uses local, high quality ingredients, the food tastes great and they are vegetarian, vegan and gluten-free friendly! i especially liked their vegan spinach and artichoke dip! we will definitely be back soon : )}{excellent new mexico style food, great hatch green chile.}{went here last night with another couple for dinner.  the pitcher of margaritas was spot on, the chips were outstanding along with the guacamole and salsa.  i ordered the tortilla soup which i ended up sending back cuz to be honest it tasted and looked like a bowl of enchilada sauce.  my husband ordered the filet and enchilada which i have to say was cooked perfectly and definitely would order if i ever went back.  the other couple ordered the beef short ribs which i didn't taste but they both agreed it was over cooked. service was great but when i have to send something back which i rarely do i can't give more then 3 stars.}{arizona definitely lack cool spots, but luckily they have the vig. the venue has a nice patio area--perfect for warmer nights, but the inside tables are fine too.  


my friends brought me on a sunday night where all their bottle wines are 50%off... which is pretty awesome. the service was friendly and the food was legit. try the "good ol' steak salad" and crabmeat artichoke dip! 

btw the valet is $3.}{i love this location! the food is always great and the service is good. wi-fi is a plus especially since i am going to school. i come here almost everyday. i recommend this location to everyone.}{i am at work today, talking to my co-worker, letting her know that i was going to taco bell for lunch.  she looked at me disappointed, and said "i never want to hear that you are gaining weight again...stop eating that!"  she then told me about sacks....i decided that i would give it a shot. (not that is was any healthier....)
i wasn't real impressed with the layout of the place, even where it was located.  it was getting busy when i walked in...and had no idea what to order.  i ended up with the van gogh, which was roast beef, dill, alfalfa sprouts, cheese and i subsituted the marble rye for a tomato basil bread.  the girl at the counter was really sweet and helpful at helping me pick out what i wanted.  
my sandwich was really good, and it wasn't just a normal sandwich.  i also liked the little cookie that they snuck into my bag.  and the fact that they have stewart's root beer was a nice bonus.
the only thing that i could say that was negative is that i left there still smelling the kitchen on my coat.  and it wasn't pleasant.}{we went here for dinner and drinks, and it was awesome. the giant soft pretzels are amazing, buttery, and delicious and are served with a roasted pepper cheese sauce. they are awesome, but get them to share, the butteryness is rich! the prices are reasonable, and the patio is nice to sit out on! even better than the food, service, and prices is the music!! they play an awesome selection of music!!}{ok....first let me say that i grew up in phx. and we used to go for special occasions to "bobby magees" which is where bobbyq's is now located (says something about the quality of my restaurant experiences as a young fella)...and as cheesy as bobby mcgaees was...i kind of miss the pirate serving me my dinner (and the salad bar in the bathtub).

but i do like what they have done to the place. cool interior. casual but with a nice upscale feel. the patio seemed really nice (didn't sit out here).

we tried a variety of things. a burger, a pulled pork sandwich, brisket, baby backs etc...

i think the standout were the ribs. very good...very tender (but not overcooked), good sauce.  i enjoyed every one.everything else was just ok. like on par with chili's (which isn't saying much). 

the sides were pretty tasty. corn (roasted and then taken off the cob for you) , mashed potatoes, cornbread...all pretty good. 

dinner for 4 (2 kids, no booze)...50$.

but a 5 star place? maybe in the context of other restaurants in the dunlap and i-17 areas (next to crazy mitch's furniture barn.) but not in the broader context of phx.

i would definitely go back for ribs...but not a place that will go into the normal rotation.

side note: hilarious crowd on a saturday night. lots of "west side" clubbers...or maybe too old to be clubbers but want to go clubbing (there is a lounge attached).}{thank you, mobile yelp app!  without you, i would have been stuck in phoenix with no idea of where to find thai food for lunch that was near a light rail station in tempe!

i arrived at thai rama about 11:15 am.  on entering, there was no indication of waiting to be served and no one visible from the staff, so i selected a table and sat down.  my waitress came to the table and asked if i would be more comfortable at a 2-seat table instead of the 4-seat table i had selected.  since there were about 25 available tables of various size, i declined and told her i was comfortable where i sat.  there were 3 other tables active in the restaurant, so i did not anticipate the restaurant needing my 4-top before i was done.

the waitress set the lunch specials menu on the table and went to get a glass of water.  the lunch specials menu had 10 options available, but no som tom.  i asked the waitress if som tom was available and she answered that she did not know what som tom was.  she reached for a full menu as i explained that som tom is green papaya salad.  she handed me the menu and directed me to the third page for salads.  there, first on the list, som tom.

i ordered som tom, the yardstick by which i measure every thai restaurant, 10 spicy (5 makes my nose run, 8 makes my forehead sweat and 10 brings tears to my eyes), leaving off the green beans and shrimp, and jasmine rice.  waitress asked if i wanted anything else to drink, but i said i would stick with water.

ambience here is pretty plain...and the paper napkins are not of the highest quality.  the decor reminded me of a formula-type restaurant like an applebees or chili's...with a hispanic flair.  i observed the chef as he came out of the kitchen and made a loop around the dining room.  as he walked by, i asked in thai how he was doing.  he stopped and replied that the day was starting off slow, but that it would be busy soon enough.  then, he continued back on to the kitchen after wishing me a good day.

about 5 minutes later, my papaya salad was brought to the table.  portion size was nice, about 2 1/4 cups.  i took a taste and evaluated a 5 spicy.  when the waitress came to ask if i needed anything, i asked for more chili and lime.  she returned quickly with red chili pepper and sliced lime.  i doctored up the order and fell to with a gusto.  for the price, adequate.  

jasmine rice was about a cup, and not too sticky.  the waitress was good about keeping my water glass full...and in phoenix, that is important!

on completing my lunch, i sat and waited for the waitress to bring my bill.  i saw no one for about 10 minutes, then the chef came out of the kitchen and made another round of the dining room.  he asked me (in english) if i enjoyed my salad.  i answered in thai that it was not spicy enough, and i was surprised he was using red chili instead of thai chili.  he chuckled and replied that thai chili was a little more expensive.  i asked for my check and he said he would send the waitress out.

for the convenience, outstanding!  for the next experience, i will be sure the chef sees me before i place my order.  for the wait on the bill, a little too long.}{awesome country club. great new remodled gym, heated olympic pool for year round use.  love the family like atmosphere, plenty of planned family events/pool parties. 

only complaint, wish members who didn't pay for the monthy tennis membership could still rent a court on a need by need basis.   regardless courts are top notch, great facilities and friendly staff.}{we are lucky enough to live basically right accross the street.  

the food is great. love the thin crust pizzas and the sweet potato fries. they grow a lot of their own veggies. they seasonally sell dates at the farmstand that are great. 

you get your food free on your birthday.

gets very crowded on the weekends!

the dessert is just ok, but the shakes are great!}{this is probably the sweet i crave the most! salted butter caramel! yummmm! when i cant make it up to scottsdale, i stop by my local whole foods in chandler and pick up a pint from the freezer section and it is just as good.}{the server could have been better. she spilled a coke on my lap. this made me late for my movie. the wait was so-so however the food was cooked to my liking. i will go back.}{still quite poor both in service and food. maybe i made a mistake and ordered sichuan gong bao ji ding for what seemed like people from canton district. unfortunately to get the good service u have to speak mandarin/cantonese. i do speak a smattering but try not to use it as i never feel confident about the intonation. 

the dish came out with zichini and bell peppers (what!??)  where is the peanuts the dried fried red peppers and the large pieces of scallion. on pointing this out all i got was " oh you like peanuts.. ok i will put some on" and she then proceeded to get some peanuts and sprinkle it on the chicken.

well at that point i was happy that atleast the chicken pieces were present else she would probably end up sprinkling raw chicken pieces on it like the raw peanuts she dumped on top of the food. 

well then  i spoke a few chinese words and the scowl turned into a smile and she then became a bit more friendlier. 

unfortunately i do not condone this type of behavior. it is all in poor taste...}{i had a hankering for raw fish today and decided to give moto a try.  overall i was pleased.

the menu had a wide variety of tempting asian treats but i was here for fish, so i ordered the sashimi combo with a bowl of miso.

the soup was a bit odd.  it seemed to be normal miso soup with some shredded cabbage tossed in.  the cabbage added a texture that i didn't really want but it was easy to eat around it.

the presentation of the sashimi was interesting.  i had a pinwheel of fishy goodness with yellowtail, smoked salmon and tuna.  the fish tasted quite fresh and the portions were generous.

when i need a sushi fix for lunch i'll be returning to moto.}{was extremely psyched to try lobby's, considering all of the great reviews, but i was sadly disappointed with the results. i'm a freak for chili burgers (good ones are very difficult to find) and the lobby's chili burger was fairly dull, featured cinci style chili (blah) and like. some sort of cheese whiz kinda crap.  boo. also ordered fries, and a chicago dog.. the chicago dog was overpriced and forgettable, and the crinkle cut fries were reminiscent of del taco's.. which isn't exactly a bad thing, but considering that lobby's is supposed to be a tasty, quality burger place, frozen crinkle fries are kind of a half assed approach.. also the amount of salt on the fries was enough to invoke a stroke! :x  finally whoever dude was that handed me my bag of food was all like zippy doo i gave you a cup of french fry sauce.. there were two orders of fries.. one cup of sauce.. which was just basic secret sauce.. not super great... secret sauce, to boot.. thanks bro, but i don't need any secret sauce favors.}{great service}{my favorite starbucks in mesa. it's not even the closest one to my home, but worth the experience. great staff.}{i love this place! great flavors, love the tiny gummy bear toppings.

one thing i don't like is the inconsistent hours. one day they'll be open at 8, the next time they close at 7:30. when our yogurt craving hits, we'd love to patronize woody's, but never know if they're going to be open.

i tried over and over to call one night, and the phone was just constantly busy. a little frustrating!

i do enjoy their yogurt, but with the weird hours, and so-so feel from the staff it's hard to give them more than 3 stars.}{first, i hope la fonda management reads these reviews and takes steps to improve their restaurant.  second, we miss the bloody mary bar too.  hubby & i visited lf a few weeks ago on a saturday night for dinner. we asked the waitress a general question about a beer and she made something up that was ridiculously wrong.  okay, she doesn't know beer.  we liked the chips & salsa, it was a good start, then i took a sip of my water.  what the?  i know what tempe tap water tastes like, but this was weird.  the aftertaste made me cringe, i couldn't drink it, even with a slice of lemon in it, maybe it was the ice.  hubby ordered chicken enchiladas, which he orders practically everywhere, and it was so bad he didn't finish it.  my meal was not memorable either.  i wanted to love this place, or at least like it.  we walked out of there terribly disappointed, i doubt we'll go back.}{this is a nothing but pies place...so i was expecting a little bit more oomph...

dispointing small selection of pie by the slices...also you gotta put in special order ahead of time for the more interesting stuff like italian ricotta.  

i was going to order something with berries, but the stuff i saw in the case was just runny and wet looking...so i ended up with a black-bottom pie...i really liked the flaky crust and the filling wasn't bad except for the fact that it did taste a bit over refrigerated.  

a minor gripe is the airpot coffee...not freshly brewed...despite the espresso machine clearly visibile behind the counter.

the pies are just over $4 per slice and $20 per pie.}{i liked the tortillas:  handmade, rich and salty.  i thought the food was decent.  i thought service was okay.  i am not new to mexican food, i know what i want:  when i say i want cheese and cilantro and tomatillo salsa,  please give it to me.  they charged me and extra dollar for had smattering of queso fresca.  boo.  i liked the mango-pineapple aqua, super sweet and clean flavor.  i would go back, maybe.}{back from holiday and had some amazing soups that made me reflect back on my experience here.  i have to preface this review with that the owner here is quite lovely and i'm sure has the best intentions, but unfortunately the soup was sorely lacking.  as a proponent of organics, i had my hopes way too high.  well, first of all it was a bit confusing if we were to order at the counter from a very smudged, unreadable chalk board or if we were to be seated.  the owner appeared from the kitchen and said to have a seat eliminating our initial confusion.  to keep this review to the point, we ordered a smoothie, bland.  a frittata, very small and actually strange as if it might have been cooked in the microwave, need i say more.  two bowls of soup, one was a bean with kale, unfortunately the beans were not thoroughly cooked and the flavor was not allowed to develop.  the other a red pepper concoction, that another diner suggested, was one dimensional and needed copious amounts of help sprinkled with some love.  
when paying these boutique prices one expects and should get a better quality, culinary creation.  these soups needed proper development and herbal infusions that the kitchen obviously lacks.  i would like to offer a suggestion that may help her, so she can spend more time with the soup prep and less time running around the table up front, and that is to consider a different style of service.  the place is so small that she could have customers order from the chalkboard, if readable, and then deliver the orders.  i wish her the best in her endeavor.}{not that any sbux is worth going out of your way for, but this one is worth skipping. the service i've experienced each time i've been is pretty dang poor and the drinks always seem quite cold.}{the food was flavorful and plenty of it. eating with only your fingers is quite fun - make your momma proud. my girlfriend won the best dish of the night - lentils and chicken and cabage/carrots. it all had kind of sweetish/bitterish/spicy flavor. i had the lamb and jalapeo dish, which was kind of greasy. you eat with your fingers and can scoop up the food with the bread they give you - a tartish type crepe, which goes well with the food. i'd be happy to go back and try something different.  if you are used to frozen pizzas and burger king, you might want to stick with that as this experience might bit be as enjoyable as those who are more open to what they consume.}{i honestly have only positive things to say about postino's since every one of my visits here has been very pleasant. from the valet who is running his ass off to the food and everything in between, this place does it all right! if you go here hungry, you should know that your options are basically a panini, a salad or some bruschetta. i've had a little bit of everything and for the value and quality you can't go wrong the the bruschetta. i recently determined my favorite to be the ricotta, dates and pistachio but a close second is the salami and pesto.

wine by the glass can be a bit steep so if you're planning to stay for a bit and can agree on a style with your company, you might be better off getting a bottle. a bottle is pretty much 3x the price of a glass so you end up getting 1 1/2 glasses extra. bonus!

someday, i'll actually take advantage of their $20 deal for wine and bruschetta!}{i'm  going to stop being such a taker, and give for once! i use yelp along with other reputable websites to help make my dining, travel and shopping decisions and i never take the time to give back!! i know, i know....awful. i'm turning over a new leaf! here is my first yelp. please don't judge. it's my first time.... okay, here goes. so, i went to matt's for the first time a few days ago....

food- amazing.  best pancakes ever! i'm not sure what the secret ingredient is but they are beyond good! fluffy little cakes of love. i also tasted the butter burger. very, very, yummy. if you decide to dine here make sure you try the bacon. i don't think i've ever tasted anything like it. sweet, savory and cooked just right.

the building is very small, the wait is extra long and make sure you don't overindulge on the free refills of ice tea because there is no bathroom!! the seating is cramped and the service is rushed, but the food is worth dealing with matt's shortcomings.}{how does this restaurant generate so many 4 and 5 star ratings? 

i know it was on the food channel, but honestly the food was sub-par. maybe it was just an off day, but i have a feeling it wasn't. the prices were not outrageous, but it wasn't cheap either. the atmosphere was nice, if very cafeteria like.

but the food was way way too "greasy." and bland. and my stomach now aches after eating there....}{if you're the type that are into choices, then gelato 64 has got your number.  their number stands for the 64 flavors of gelato that you can choose from.  when i was there they seem to be a couple of flavor short since several of the slot in the gelato case was empty...but anything approaching 60 is already a ridiculously wide range of selection.

the gelato was well flavored and had a nice smooth texture.  extra star for range of flavor.}{my boyfriend and i were in arizona on vacation for a wedding. the food was better than the average deli and they give you a free cookie with your order too. it is a shame they don't have these in malls near me. although i read on their website that they have one at the galleria which would have been nice when i lived in davis, ca for college. 

shopping really works up an appetite and this satisfied it well. and light enough not to ruin a dinner as we had a wedding to attend later that evening.}{i stopped in one afternoon and ordered some baba and a chicken salad. the baba was good, and served with a ton of pita quarters. the salad was good too, except that most of the chicken was burnt. 
the cashier was pleasant and must be related to the guys doing the cooking. they were giving her a hard time about a male customer who i guessed must come in a lot and she was giving it right back to them! kinda funny. i will definitely be back for takeout and lunch again while shopping. i will go for the gyro salad next time though.}{i didn't pay much attention to this place for several years.  passed it many times, just didn't catch my eye enough for me to remember it on those nights when i desperately try to think of some new place to try.

i've since been here twice (over about a 3 month time span), and i really love it.  first time, had great food (all server recommendations - although he disappeared prior to arrival of meal, seemed to be doing side work so he could bolt out).  great although somewhat minimal service for the second half of our dinner, former waiter did not say he was leaving, we sat for a little while before someone new arrived.  ambiance and company made it barely noticeable.   personally, i don't care as long as i get good service.  we're not family, i don't need an apology or heartfelt goodbye.  the garlic app - what it is called? - your server will know, it's probably their most popular dish, it is amazing.  order this unless you hate garlic or are on a diet.  i consider myself a good cook, but i would leave this up to richardsons.  as i write this i realize the whole reason for my review is that dish, because i don't remember anything else i had.  stopped by for drinks the second time, ended up ordering a pizza, expected little since it didn't mesh with the menu, it was really quite good.  bartender was great (i think he was actually the take-over waiter from my previous visit).  very cozy place, if you come later or are are willing to wait, you can get a private table in a cave like nook.  the place is not cheap, comparative to other finer dining establishments.  overall, a lively but romantic place with character, good food, and decent service.}{yum!
steaks were great! corn bread

large portions
definitely worth the price!}{i much prefer drinking here to eating here.  sometimes it is the only place close and i decide to order food and i always regret it.  i'm a vegetarian so maybe i'm too limited and the burgers are awesome   so stick to traditional fare.  the salads my daughter and i had yesterday were pathetic}{i found this little hot spot on yelp and used my phone to navigate me there; i wouldn't have found it otherwise.  this small establishment is hidden in a neighborhood right off of historic downtown chandler.  it's a quaint little diner with modest dcor.  i felt very comfortable there and the service was fast and friendly.  as i looked over the menu the first thing i saw was the morning monte and havarti cheese as one of the ingredients.  cheddar isn't better; it's all about havarti folks!  i needn't look further; i knew that's what i was having.  hawaiian bread french toast, bacon, turkey, egg and the havarti - absolutely delicious!  can't wait to come back and bring everyone i know.}{if i could give this 2.5 stars, i would.  but that's because i've been to joe's real bbq, and so i know how good bbq can be.

famous dave's is fine.  there are two of them i know of, and i've been to both.  they're both fine.

we visited this one, near chandler mall, for lunch.  we ordered off the lunch menu.  my wife and i both had the brisket sandwich.  i had the wilbur beans, she had fries.  it was fine.  not great, but ok.

the brisket meat itself did not seem to be smoked.  at all.  meat has a certain look and taste when it has been smoked, and this just didn't have it.  frankly, the meat seemed sorta pale...as if it had been boiled instead of grilled or smoked.  and either the meat or the sauce was excessively salty.  it wasn't severe (or i would have returned it), but it was noticeable.  salt should enhance flavor, not stand out as a major flavor.

and a note about the sauce.  i examined one of their 'for sale' bottles (you can buy their sauce to take home).  did they use molasses or brown sugar, as most self-respecting bbq chefs would?  no.  high fructose corn syrup.  yuck.  besides that stuff being poison to your pancreas, it's just "not right".  that's not how bbq is done.

anyway, famous dave's is really nothing special.  the bbq is "ok", but not very authentic.  given the choice i would take joe's, hands-down.  but if you want some bbq, and are nowhere near joe's, this will do.  beats the heck out of tom's bbq, that's for sure (see my review of tom's...truly awful).  and the beans and fries are pretty good.}{i've been here twice now for the lunch buffet and the second time i even brought a friend who was a foodie and both times it was great. they have a great selection of dips on the buffet, a few salads and many warm entrees to choose from. 

i recommend taking a little bit of everything and if you follow my rule, you won't be disappointed. everything is absolutely delicious and you'll have fun guessing the spices in the various dishes. 

if you're in the mood for some tasty middle eastern food, i would really recommend it. it's a little short on ambiance, but with flavors like that, who's looking anywhere but their plate?}{went there for dinner on a friday night and i have to say i'm impressed by the quality of the food and the reasonable prices.  there's a great deal of variety and some creative new mexican dishes.  i'd go so far as to say this is the best new mexican restaurant in the east valley!  its not super spicy like los dos but there's a lot more flavor and you'll still feel the burn.

pro's:  the food and service
con's:  ambiance & decor could use a little jazzing up, location is not ideal}{qdoba is a kicked up version of chipotle/kokopellis.  you walk up, choose a form of delivery (burrito, nachos, salad, burrito bowl, etc) you get a choice of meat (chicken, steak, etc) then you chose your toppings (different salsas, lettuce, cheese).  we all know the drill.  i will say one thing qdoba is much better in taste than kokopellis and chipotle.}{so wednesday evening i needed milk and cat food. on my way to the store i realized my stomach was growling. never a good idea to shop on an empty stomach. a while back in the savvy shopper rag in the china grill ad was a little banner about wok n stix being a new location. and because of an event that fell apart this week i had a bug to eat something asian. so i found it and stopped in.

chinese fast food. they also have hamburgers and a few other things. i stuck with something i figured i would like, orange chicken ($7.95). it came reasonably quick, was too hot to eat right away. most of my chinese fast food consists of panda express and ming gee. this was much better, in addition to the onions and bell peppers listed mine had mushrooms, celery, sprouts and some other stuff. service was on styrofoam with plastic utensils. even though i was eating in the rice came in a take out box which i thought was sorta weird. i still hate eating out alone but at least i wasn't the only person in the place. each side of the place had a long upholstered bench with tables and chairs that could be slid along to make up different seating and two tables in the middle.

there was nobody being served at the front counter when i was finished so i stopped,picked up a menu and talked to the woman there and found out she is an owner. they have had the place for 6 months and are the same family that owns china grill not far away.}{excellent selection of unusual but delicious pizzas.  my favorite so far include prosciutto pizza and the lamb pizza}{what an unbelievable night we had at mastro's city hall steakhouse. everything we ate was top notch, the atmosphere is fun, and the service is spectacular. how many steakhouses play jim croce, beatles, and beach boys? it's a very welcome change.

it's dark, it's sexy, and it's probably the best steakhouse in arizona. 

the seafood tower featured totally fresh and delicious oysters, crab legs, claws, and huge shrimp. my kansas city strip was out of this world and probably the best piece of meat i've had all year. gorgonzola mac & cheese and sauteed mushrooms were real winners as well. i'm not a dessert person, but the warm butter cake should be illegal it's so good. i was stuffed already when it came to the table, and then i ate all of it. 

the only hiccup all night was our seafood tower was short a shrimp, and when i told the waiter don't worry about it he said ok, and then proceeded to bring us a fourth shrimp on it's own bed of ice. it was a really top notch recovery. this place is absolutely amazing.}{the beer list here is great. seriously. if you like craft brews, go here.

the food is meh. there are a lot of really interesting combinations, but the execution wasnt the best. the service is also meh. all 8 of us had to be wary when our waitress came around to tell her that so and so needed something too. she would take one or two orders at a time. 

seriously though, the beer is awesome.}{kabuki was great....a lovely little middle-of-the-afternoon oasis found in tempe marketplace!  i scoped out the menu had some some sushi for happy hour, including some rare beef sashimi, some unusual and unique rolls and complimentary edamame.  although i did not dine here for a full meal, i feel justified in expressing my enjoyment of their happy hour.  the tiny bar was cozy and the service was good.  the happy hour prices were enticing and i would definitely return for it:)  although for my personal taste the ambiance of kabuki seemed a little too corporate for me i definitely would return for their happy hour and maybe to sample other menu items.  i will keep you posted on my next visit:)}{ok...this place is *really* outdated...however, the food was great.  the veggie plate was gone fast (barely got to taste any of it ... wife loved it) and my gryo plate was very good as well.  this is the only other place that i've been to where the felafel was great!  i've been to only one other place...}{my wife and i live around the corner, hadn't eaten here in a few months. we got food for take out, mongolian beef,kung po chicken,pad thai noodles.  mongolian beef, there were more white onions then scallions and it was very bland. kung po chicken,lots of white meat chicken the whole dish only had one peanut and the taste of this dish was non existent. very very blah... pad thai noodles,the dish was dry and came out of the container in one giant clump. it tasted like plain noodles, i was glad i had peanut sauce in the fridge to,add to it. then it was edible .... we will not be going back to gs.. very disappointed !!!! from now on it will be jade palace on 92nd street. for take out asian !!!!  do yourself a favor go elsewhere !!!!}{i know i enjoy food when i think about how good it was later..like days and days later. it has been about a week and i am still craving the mac n' cheese i inhaled during my happy hour visit. the macaroni was cooked to perfection, the cheese was the perfect consistency and texture, and the addition of spicy sausage really set the dish apart. 

while the service was impossibly slow, every waiter i came in contact with was extremely nice. but nice or not, i was sucking on melted ice for half the night while i waited to get my drinks refilled. no bueno. 

the atmosphere was relaxing and casual, and the bathrooms were fabulous!! well lit, great aroma, and my choice between cloth hand towels or paper. the bathroom had well placed mirrors which made the space feel big and clean.

i will definitely come back, but next time i might sneak in my own drink.}{- the location is excellent
- the food is mediocre, and milder than they advertise
- the wait staff is polite and bland.  at several opportunities, they were missing for more than 5 mins.
- the bill will be higher than anyone expects

bottom line:  don't bother}{so your going to scottsdale via paradise valley....or your coming from scottsdale heading east....your stomach is growling but you don't want the usual...then look no further than jason's deli. i was in that situation on friday night and decided to give this locale a try....and i must say i was not disappointed. i had the smokey jack panini with smoked turkey breast....guacamole....provolone cheese....lettuce...tomato....bacon on the side which i gave to my wife....lol...since i don't eat red meat....and russian dressing. however sandwich was made to order and pressed perfectly on the grill....and the flavor was outstanding. they give you a pickle and homemade potato chips on the side....and i also had some lemonade which comes from a fountain with free refills. 

i almost missed out on the free ice cream....but i seen people walking around with cones of ice cream and i had my wife ask was it free. indeed it was and we both enjoyed a nice ice cream cone....mine was chocolate vanilla swirl...and you can also get it in a cup as well. the service was great and the whole place had a real nice neighborhood feel to it.....i look forward to returning here very soon. eat, drink, and be merry my friends!!!!}{sandbar gives us north scottsdalers another chance at a casual bar on our side of town!  located near scottsdale road and shea, sandbar has a pretty convenient location and is usually a fun spot to go out dancing and drinking.  the dj is either hit or miss; sometimes he plays awesome music and everyone's on the dance floor and other times the dance floor is completely empty because the music ain't so great. 
i've always wondered if anyone has become so intoxicated while at sandbar that they have fallen into the little pond outside. unfortunately, i have never seen this happen.
but i have woken up in the morning with a sandbar server schedule in my pocket with no recollection as to why.
my friend was dancing so crazy one night on one of the platforms, that when she jumped off, she sprained her ankle. 
see? sandbar's a really good time.
oh and if you get hungry, there's a little hot dog cart out front, so you can eat a wiener, drink and be merry.}{i like the review of the whacked waiter... i think he may be still at work at 'cantina laredo' cuz i think he served us....... 

called ahead after a cardinals game to make sure there was room enough for our party of 10- 
" no problem " we were told , come on down. 

arrived 9:00 ish on a beautiful 80f evening in scottsdale -stepped across a half empty patio into the spacious cantina - chilled to an ungodly 60f- 

note to the great state of arizona : 

(the reason that y'all are booming and experiencing sustained in-migration is because people are like lizards--- ( in more ways than one)---they like the sun , they like the heat ... they flee from northern climes to get away from the chill - don't ac your premises such that it reminds us of duluth in winter.... we just escaped duluth in winter and fled south to thaw ) .

we asked for a spot on the patio and our man immediately declined stating that " he had already set a table for us inside"- 

upon my wife's insistence that he reevaluatethe patio  he disappeared for a moment or two and then reappeared - affirming that the half empty patio was indeed full. 

this puzzled my wife who then surmised that : 

a) he wanted our large party in his section -not the patio

b) there would likely be a built in minimum gratuity on the final bill 
                                      ( there was) 
                 
after taking our drink order ,(competently),  he returned with salsa and chips. the salsa he described as being of two types "hot " or "regular"-
there were indeed two temperatures -but they appeared  to be seperated thermally rather than chemically -??  the same salsa one served at room temperature , one served chilled...???

when asked about the best dishes for people who wanted a little kick to their food he replied: 
" i wouldn't really know , i don't like spicy food" 

????????????????? 

dude , can you not at least fake something.... it is after all a mexican restaurant. if people want spice they go mexican - if they want bland they seek out a saskatchewan restaurant - non? 

the meal was salvaged - ( not saved), by a compatriot of our man who hailed from durango- he spoke knowledgeably about the menu , filled our empty margarita glasses and retreated into the kitchen to assemble , on our behalf , a pepper mole sauce that was truely outstanding.

the food was uninspired -( there was a baja grill of some sort across the parking lot and we wondered if they shared a kitchen...) , the service was poor ( excepting our hombre from mejico ), and the casa freakishly cold--

two stars tops over all but boosted up to three by our amigo from victoria de durango}{my boyfriend and i tried this place out last saturday. our total was $24 for 2 burgers, 2 fries, 2 beverages. not bad for a lunch in scottsdale. we found the burgers to be just ok tasting. nothin special to lure us back anytime soon. i was satisfied with portions for $. i think people are used to ridiculous huge meals like the ones served at cheesecake factory which are big enough to feed a family of horses so when they see a normal single portion they feel underwhelmed/cheated. i found the restaurant to be clean and nice enough to sit & enjoy the burger & kill some time before our movie started.}{i read all the good reviews of this restaurant , and wanted to try it, as it's right up the street from where i live. i don't think i hit a bad night, it was slow, the service  was horrible, they confused our order with the table next to us.
 he  put  plates of food  down and walked off, the order had nothing to do with ours.
we tried to get his attention,gave up and took a bite.
omg, it was awful,fried fish that tasted so fishy that i couldn't eat it.
at that point, the table next to us realized it was their meal , and got up and walked out .
 finally i got the waiters attention, he took the plates ,gave us the correct meal, and didn't offer to do anything about all of our time he had wasted, let alone the mistake. our real meal was o.k., i tried the tamales, wasn't blown away,my boyfriend said his steak was so-so. i don't think i would come back again.}{i've been a bunch of times for takeout and took a seriously picky foodie friend this past weekend.  everything i've had here has been excellent and i mean, excellent.  

in the past i've had the margherita pizza, eggplant parm and fried calamari.  all good.  this weekend we had the comp tapenade, beef carpacchio, lasagna and one of the pizzas (can't remember name -- had olives, art hearts, ham and ?).  all delicious.  the lasagna was so delicate but melded perfectly with the sauce.

my very particular picky friend loved the place.  seriously loved it.}{as good as it gets.  we ate here for a birthday celebration and we were taken away by the great food and service (as usual).  we requested the v lounge and were given a nice corner booth.  when we sat down there was a birthday card signed by the employees of the restaurant -- a very nice touch.  for appetizers, we had oysters and the (best) crab cakes (anywhere).  steaks and seafood as our main courses paired well with the red cabernet wine.  overall, just incredible.  completely up to par with eddie v's standards -- comparing to houston and austin.  my mom forgot her sweater at the booth and a hostess ran out to give it to her.  we also got a follow-up phone call the next day asking how everything went.  for those special occasions or a fun happy hour, eddie v's never lets you down!  also, their banana's foster is divine!  save room for it or just stuff your face and go to the gym the next day -- delish!}{zupas officially opens today! i was invited to their vip catering event a few days ago and was able to get a sneak peek. 

the soups are very good; i tasted all of them! my favorites are the wild mushroom it is very creamy and has a great flavor. the shrimp and sausage gumbo is very hearty with just a little new orleans kick! i recommend them both! if you enjoy tomato soup theirs is a tomato basil and it is yummy!. one thing i really liked is that you can taste the soup before you order it! bonus they have 8 varieties of soup to choose from!

i had the turkey pesto artichoke panini as well it was very good. you can get a 7.99 combo of any 2 items soup, salad, sandwich. by the way it's not 1/2 sizes with that combo either! i got a full panini and full soup.

the soda bar is nice to you can create your own drinks!

the ingredients are fresh and the employee's are very friendly. 

they also cater which is a big plus!}{i'm still feelin the love. a most wonderful combination found i today of simple delightful food, a laid back atmosphere, warm staff, dog-friendly accommodations, a vegan-friendly menu and... oh yeah... all day monday happy hour.  

thank you tmi for the immediate bowl of water set down for my hound, the speedy $4 glass of red, and a yummy manageably-sized veg sandwich. i couldn't have asked for a better ending to this much dreaded monday. it was lovely winding down and enjoying the sunset while other suckers waited in traffic.

i second sarah g's enthusiasm for sophie's salad sans mozzarella. mmmm mmmm arthichoke. my next mission is the cash money sammie with house made cashew butter (wha?!) cabernet jelly and bananas. it's like elvis met sophia lauren and decided to class it up. soon will i be back to attempt such an adventure. very soon.}{heart be still i loved this place. way better than i expected. i had the spicy noodles and they were delicious, flavor great and quality was on point. for desert the sticky rice with mango, i dream about it now. highly recommend if you are in the mood for thai food. i'll be back!}{bad service, great food, awful coffee.}{i'm usually a big fan of dive bars but wasn't impressed, at all.  one of the kegs was empty so my friends didn't get their "favorite" beer, not a huge deal but not a good thing for 5pm on a friday.  the servers seemed really overwhelmed and was probably due to the fact that there were only 4 for the entire place and it was really busy.

on a very positive note, my friends said that the food was really good for bar food.

this might be a great place for any day and time other than happy hour on a friday.}{this place is fantastic - very tasty and a nice surprise for the tempe area.   tempe seems to be full of places meant for those in college (makes sense because it is, in fact, a college town) - but for those of us who work in the are this is a nice break from the regular places.  i will be adding this to my list of lunch options. 

it is really nice when you are looking for a light salad or even quiche.  i would recommend this.}{i had been craving sushi steadily for about two weeks, so i decided to try somewhere new. this place happens to be just across the street from my work and the reviews on here were a vote of confidence. 

i had the cherry blossom roll and rainbow roll, shared edamame, and hot green tea. the cherry blossom roll was good, not amazing, but good. the fish was fresh enough, and i did like the eel sauce drizzled on it. the rainbow roll was much less rainbow than i'm used to. the rainbow roll did have a bit of a fishy taste, and the whitefish on it was a pale yellowish brown color, and not as moist as it could have been. the crumbled macadamia nuts were and interesting and kind of fun garnish. the edamame was tasty, not over cooked, but could have used a little more salt. the green tea was boiling hot, with the kind of walnutty aftertaste you get from good green tea, i was disappointed it came in a single glass, not in a tea pot diffuser with a teacup like at most restaurants.

my girlfriend had pork katsu, the sauce drizzled on it was sweet and vinegary, but not too overwhelming. gauging from the fact that she ate all of it i would assume it was pretty good. the salad that came with it was a bit strange, iceberg lettuce and a cream sesame dressing. the miso soup on the side was better than the little packets i get at the store, but didn't taste home made. it was not too salty, but the tofu must have been dehydrated, it was in tiny little shriveled squares on the bottom of the bowl. 

the waitstaff was very attentive and friendly. it wasn't too busy when we went, about 5pm. the music was typical pop music, but thankfully unlike some places (ra for instance) its not blaring. 

i would say its definately not the best sushi i've ever had, not even the best i've had in arizona, but it was ok. the rainbow rolls at kobe are better.}{meh.

plus for cool decor. minus for being in a strip mall (but hey it's phoenix...)

cinnamon roll was good.  awesome icing. toluca brizza was unique, but nothing spectacular.

it would be a good place for groups, with a vast menu (that i hear is very vegan friendly), but they are better places around town for brunch, both in terms of quality and price points.}{3 syllables for this place. 
a-maz-ing!

the best phoenix has to offer.}{they have good baked baguettes and the price was $1.50 last month, however raising the price to $2 per roll during the holiday's is ridiculous.  the female cashier was short and unprofessional.  while i was waiting for the rolls, she was rude to the next three customers spending money.  they need to work on their customer service and i vowed never to go back.}{i came here after having wanted to try this place for some time.  i love hamburgers, and a good burger is a real treat for me.  nothing complicated really, just a good well made burger.

when my date and i arrived, we liked the interior.  the place was smaller then i had anticipated.  very narrow seating.  anyways, service and menu selections were excellent.  i went with the traditional burger, and my date went with the panini.  i went with the french fries, and date went with sweet potato.  i loved both.  the excitement of my night was the fries in the shopping cart!!

anyways, i was happy with my experience here.  i would return, and liked my food.  so did date. aside from tight seating, lovely place!}{i've been coming here since the 70's when it was across the street and had a screen door. i know the staff and the daily specials by heart.  when i lived away from phx it was the place i wished for. when i go to nyc i have to take rm food to my friends. the whole family agrees. i don't understand the negative reviews. the reviewers must have had a bad day. i love the food and so has everyone  i know.}{it's not hard to find a steakhouse in scottsdale.  modern steak's schtick is that it is... well, "modern" in the sense that it's not in a dark oak-filled room with overstuffed booths.  unfortunately, however, "modern" also means that it's in a mall.  ugh.

pretty efficient (if not brusque) service, with decent enough food.  i had the salmon w/ maple and bacon glaze.  it's a bit of a bizarre combo -- i'm not sure the salmon quite holds up under such a sweet glaze, but you can't complain too much anytime bacon is involved :)}{the food and service were both amazing. i've had the gyro pita, orzo and greek potatoes. all were fantastic. try the gelato also. it's the best in town! the owners are very friendly and happy to speak with each customer.}{rita's kitchen is a hidden gem located right smack in the center of the camelback inn. while this may be a hot-spot for hotel guests, i think that locals might be missing out on its charm. 

i am a huge fan of anything the camelback inn does, especially since they offer live music and a great space for relaxation and rita's kitchen is no exception. this restaurant is airy and opens up to the spacious camelback inn patio where they play live music every night. 

breakfast: 

breakfast at rita's is sublime and pretty reasonably priced. they offer a breakfast buffet for around $23 which includes eggs made to order (including omelets), pancakes, waffles, pastries, fresh fruit, bacon, sausage and hashbrowns. it's a great pick for a leisurely weekend breakfast. just today was mother's day and while we only did the breakfast buffet, i did catch a glimpse of the mother's day brunch and holy moly do they know how to wow a crowd! not only did they have stations set up all throughout the restaurant, patio and r-bar, but they also had an extensive dessert area with build-your-own sundaes, freshly made cotton candy (in an old fashioned cotton candy maker) and a long dessert table with a chocolate fountain. 

lunch:

lunch here is sublime and i also enjoy either the tacos or the chicken sandwich. the chicken sandwich is particularly a favorite of mine due to the cheese and sauce. the fries are tasty as well and you can either get sweet potato or regular. i also get sweet potato then regret not just getting the regular which are better in my mind. if the weather permits, sit on the patio and enjoy the beautiful water fountains, views of the mountain and tropical/desert setting.}{we happened upon this location when meeting a friend for dinner.  when i showed up there was a line of about 20 people ahead of me.  i asked them to put me in first available and they said 15-20min and then 45min for a booth.

ok, i'll wait.

our friends showed up and my girlfriend had asked if there was a spot at the bar we could sit in the mean time.  we were there for about 10min already.  that's when she said to us. "your table inside is ready"  she walked us right there and we were sat.  wow!  that was quick!

we ordered drinks and food.  i got these jerk chicken wings for an appetizer and holy cow, they were delicious.  for my main dish i ordered a garlic noodle dish.  it definitely hit the spot.  my only beef would be that it was hard to talk with so many people inside.  i wont let that affect the rating though.

awesome place!}{we stayed at the hyatt gainey ranch during spring break and had a fabulous time. we ate at swb for lunch and enjoyed it so much we ordered dinner that evening to eat in the room with our kids. my husband ordered me the chocolate caramel tart which turned out to be one of the best desserts i've ever had. i tried looking for the recipe and couldn't find it so i figured it wouldn't hurt to ask for it. surprisingly i received an almost immediate response from the hotel that they would let the chef know. within a few hours the recipe from the chef was in my e-mail with additional tips! now i call that customer service. we loved the hotel and loved the restaurant. looking forward to going back someday.}{it has been several months but i hadn't lost the formula (80/10/10 - veggies, meat, noodles).  pat down some chicken-turkey (no taste difference as far as i can tell) with the wax paper.  load up with mostly veggies (more green than red or white), add some wheat noodles to fill the bowl to the brim.  follow with the sweet and sour mix but add some extra vinegar and orange sauce.  add some pineapple and all set to have it grilled.  fill a small bowl with peanuts and another small bowl with pineapple.  fill the large red plastic drinking vessel with ice and low cal lemonade.  then chow down...

my formula has more or less stayed the same since being introduced to yc's by mike t and/or erik t.  both took different approaches and none tasted like the other despite selecting choices from the same line.  amazing how three related people ended up with very different meals especially erik t with cod fish and mike t with who knows what kind of sauces except they were very dark.}{i had a nice lunch here on a hot summer day. $12 for a good pastrami sandwich with crispy seasoned fries and an iced tea. definitely recommend the food.

line was very short on a friday afternoon. soda machine ran out of ice, but they filled my cup with ice from ice maker in back and quickly filled machine with more ice.}{more like 3.5 stars, but i'm rounding up because the overall property was so nice.

good food, good service, good view (overlooking the golf course).

i had the chicken caprese sandwich which was quite tasty, but the burger my mom has was way better.  if you go here.... order a burger.  they are big, juicy and super duper good.  it's also super duper messy.  it's a "fork and knife" type of burger. 

their bloody mary is pretty good... a little too tomato-y.... needed more seasoning.

mom's john daly peach drink was refreshing.  good for cooling off and relaxing after a round of golf.  :)

tater tots were served with our sandwiches and they were good... but nothing all that special.  they were crunchy on the outside and soft and hot on the inside... but for this type of establishment.... i would have expectetd truffle tots or something different.

their relishes that they offered on the side were 'ok'..... i was not impressed.  they tasted like they were from a bottle.... i'm sure they make their own relish... i'm just saying they didn't taste any different than the ones you get at the store.}{go from brunch and get the breakfast nachos. omg. they were to die for. red chile sauce, two cheeses, baked chips, chorizo eggs. got sour cream on the side and left of the pico. came with sausage gravy that was not the artery cloggin' kind. these were so yummy.

it was a little dark inside (full out front) and they don't have sweet & low. nice ambience. totally cool for the kids, too, but no paper kids menu.}{sorry, i am gonna get killed here... i am not that impressed.
i kept hearing about this place and it was so so at best. the food is sloppy and very expensive but has a decent taste
the place was also a little dirty looking..
just a bunch of sandwiches and the pizza was a disaster, go there if you are into quirky places that charge a lot and are not the best.
the waitress seemed pre-occupied by what?? not us.}{wow, not what we were expecting at all. but that's a good thing. the restaurant would qualify as a "dive" in most circles, a tiny 20 seat affair with recycled refer units as cabinets located in the corner of a strip mall with a 99 cent store and a biglots. not exactly a high-end neighborhood.

but after having heard of this little cafe in the new times and finding that phoenix magazine rated their ceviche and shrimp salad as one of the valley's top 50 dishes, we decided that we must give it a try! the article in new times raved about something called a pupusa and description sounded familiar, once we were there i realized why.

every culture on earth seems to have developed some form of stuffed hand pie. you know the formula, a regional bread or pastry dough, formed into a pocket and stuffed with savory or sweet fillings. food on the go. well in el salvador it's called a pupusa, and they were delicious!

a kind of thick corn tortilla type bread, filled with several different types of  fillings, pork and cheese, beans, chicken and cheese, beef and cheese or beef, bean and cheese.

now this is not your typical arizona/mexican food. the cheese is a freshly made cheese that is a salvadoran tradition and is one of the best fresh cheeses i have ever had, smooth and soft yet very flavourful. the tortilla is not what you might be used to either, they are corn tortillas but they are not the course chip like corn tortillas so prevalent in americanized hispanic foods. they are thick, soft and delicious. it is this tortilla that is the basis of their pupusas.

don't expect to find the standard "mexican restaurant" re-fried beans here either. spicy, flavourful and smooth, having been mashed right after cooking, they are among the best example of simple yet wonderful tastes you will experience here.

we had some of all of the different pupusas offered on the menu which are priced very reasonable indeed, and were impressed with all of them, though the pork and cheese and the bean were my personal favorites.

we also had a corn tamale that was sweet and moist and tasty, rolled in a banana leaf instead of the corn husk we are used to. perhaps that is why it was so much more moist than your average corn tamale.

to finish off our repast we enjoyed the fried plantains, actually an appetizer on the menu, they were crispy on the outside and starchy and tasty inside. served with freshly made salsa and the salvadoran version of crme frache that was also a hit.

the owner was our server and i am still not sure she spoke much english, but she was very nice to us and the orders were always right. as well as very very hot! i had to let my pupusas sit a few minutes before they were cool enough to consume, and a word of warning, plantains retain heat even better than potatoes do so proceed carefully.

as i've said the ceviche and shrimp salad is an award winner and the carne asada that the folks at the next table had ordered looked delicious. however i could not ask their opinion as they did not seem to speak english either and my spanish is worse than terrible. but they seemed to be enjoying it, i'll give it a try next time.

they serve breakfast too and i can hardly wait to give that a try as well.

stop in, you'll be glad you did.}{while scottsdale's jackrabbit supper club is britney spears-approved -- the pop singer made the rounds last december when she reportedly made out with arizona cardinals hottie matt leinart -- it's a little too clubby for my taste. the music is usually loud, making it hard to carry on a conversation and nearly everyone looks like they stepped out of the pages of a fashion magazine. oh, and be prepared to throw down more than the norm for drinks -- martinis are $13! if all of this isn't scaring you away, you'll probably have a good time. and the best part? the bar offers hourly burlesque-style performances from the club's saucy dancers.}{definitely one of my favorite places to eat, hands down.  i love their enchiladas verdes combo.  their refried beans are the best!  i have been eating here for over 15 years and the waitresses are mostly the same.  definitely feels like you are at an old friends house when you are there.  yes, it is in a bad area, but that hasn't ever deterred me from telling everyone i know that if they want really good, real mexican food at a great price, to head down there.  and their green salsa for dipping chips is amazing.}{this is a great qt for when you're driving through phoenix on i-17. it's right off the freeway so it's perfect for stopping for gas and grabbing a tasty snack.

plus it's a quiktrip, there isn't really any part of it that isn't awesome.}{inexpensive, tasty, fast. the gentle peanut dressing on the pre-meal salad gets you started on a simple, no-frills meal with exactly one option from all of the classic dishes you expect at a thai restaurant in america: massaman, red, green, yellow, or panang curry; pad thai or chowmein; meat or vegetable rice plates. there's nothing extravagant in spices or food choices, but you can order the spiciness level to you liking.}{i had been dying to try true food kitchen for a while now, after seeing reviews on it on various people's "vegetarian" lists. i was even more psyched to see that it not only is close to where i live, but also took the place of that awful coffee plantation spot in the biltmore! yay!

i went with my somewhat reluctant meat-eating boyfriend, but he was quickly won over with their expansive alcohol menu and their plethora of meat dishes- all either local or organic. a place we can both agree on!

i ordered the honey lemonade ($3) which was the perfect balance between tart and sweet-- honey is a great sweetener! i was brought a refill just when my glass became less than half full-- bonus!

we also ordered the hummus appetizer ($8), which we both enjoyed immensely. my boyfriend liked the tart olives and feta cheese, whereas i loved the cucumbers! there was more hummus left over as our pita bread slices dwindled, but that just means we loaded up our pieces!

for my main course, i had the tlt (tempeh, lettuce, and tomato) ($9), which i really enjoyed. the tempeh was pretty crunchy, but it was balanced by the smooth avocado slices. the boyfriend ordered the organic ravioli with ricotta cheese and kale pesto ($13), which was super good! it came with 6 pieces of ravioli, which he thought was not enough at first, but after he cleaned his plate he said he was "stuffed." good sign!! the plate also comes with a ton of meaty mushrooms, which made it even better in my opinion. 

we definitely did not have room for dessert, but i've heard mixed reviews of the desserts so i'm not sure if that's something we'll end up trying. our server was extremely attentive to us, did not pressure us into ordering anything extra, and was prompt in refilling water glasses, answering questions, and bringing the check.

the atmosphere is interesting- a mix of well-dressed business and retired people (think: khaki pants, button up shirts, sweater vests (in the winter); nurses just off work; people coming in for happy hour (jeans and nice shirts); and people just in off the street (shorts, casual shirts, even hats). i really liked this ambiance, because it doesn't make it too stuffy and turn people "off" of this locally grown, organic restaurant concept.

we would definitely be back in a heartbeat, but the only reason i marked it down was because we were sitting underneath their funky lights, and a spider fell out of the light on to my boyfriend's arm. he wasn't terribly bothered by it (other than 'wtf, why is there a spider on my arm?') but i would have freaked out. so... don't sit under the lights, if you can help it!}{flemings is always top notch. we went for the thursday night wine tasting 20 wines for $25 introducing there new 100 wines by the glass. the selection was good from lite whites to deep reds a great way to sample a portion of there new wine list. then to top it off we received $25 gift cards for dinner. so we stayed and had the az resturant week pre fix dinner for $39 the food was wonderful. salads, soup lamb chops and filet. i guess to sum it up you can't go wrong with a meal from flemings. they also have a great happy hour.}{ok, first i broke my promise to myself and went here again, i figured by now things have got to be better. i ordered something that i wouldn't care if it was cold, french toast. ok so the french toast is good. but it wasn't worth waiting 40 fucking minutes to get it. and on top of it. my friends food was cold again. one of them would rather eat glass then eat at this place so refused to order a cold meal, but since my other friend was paying she said fuck it i'll go.

well she ordered toast and some sausage as sides. and my other friend ordered the mish mash, his review of the place is more generious then mine, but he's only been there once and said it wasn't so bad. lol.

so anyways toast, soo cold the butter couldn't even melt. and cold sausage to boot. the friend with the mishmash, lol. i saw the bottom of the bowl and it was all a weird watery substance at the bottom. how hard is it to drain poached eggs before dumping them in a bowl?

i was going to give palatte 3 stars based on the french toast, but it was hardly warm. i so badly want to like this place cause it's close and matt's is always packed.

can i please get a breakfast place in the roosevelt area that is large enough to seat more then 20 people and serves good breakfast?}{oh yogurtland.....why can't i resist your calling?

i had to run an errand and saw this location next to a fedex office...perfect!  i dropped in and ordered:

double cookies & cream, strawberry, and cheesecake...topped with peanuts, captain crunch, and reese's peanut butter cup for around $4.90.
http://www.yelp.com/bizphotos/co4cqnwyayv7hw8jkcekjg?select=vcouxvxq0sl310xrxn9hog
http://www.yelp.com/bizphotos/co4cqnwyayv7hw8jkcekjg?select=8xzd9ms7yvnaeavn1irgsq

it was of course awesome!  the line was very short too....even though the weather was in the mid-90's....boy did i luck out!

return factor - 100%}{craving a noodle soup--thought i'd check this place after seeing the reviews.  upon entering i didn't like the air quality, smelled like dirty deep frying oil.  upon perusing the menu and looking around at other diners food, i realized it was mostly composed of tempura, duh, deep fried.  yikes, i am not a fan of deep frying but that explained the smell.   i opted for the shrimp udon soup.  it wasn't anything near the wonderful soup i had experienced elsewhere, especially this great japanese restaurant in chiang mai that had this amazing moat around the sushi chefs were they would float the sushi on little boats that you could pick and choose.  very disappointing, broth, noodles, spinach, green onion and 2 shrimp, $8.  i did get an added bonus of deep fat smell covering my clothing.}{this is my favorite breakfast/brunch spot. fresh bagels and different types of cream cheese.

they even have bagel thins for those who are cutting their carbs. 

you don't pay the person who took you order, but move down the line to pay for your food.

their iced coffee are a great deal!! it's a 20oz cup for less than $3!}{i really like this place and i must say it's the best pizza i have had west of chicago.  the sauce is on the sweet side, but i like that.  it's kid friendly so it's a great casual place to be with family and friends without a pretentious side to it.

the lines can be a little long at times but i think it's worth the wait.}