{this past weekend i went to the vig uptown twice because it was that  good. this is a perfect place to hangout with friends and get a bite to eat with a really great drink menu. what i love most about this place is that it is very modern and the people are pretty chill. the cherry on top is the games they have to offer, bocce and bags!

drinks
1. moscow mule is a perfect nice refreshing drink to order, made with vodka/ginger beer and fresh lime juice. 
2. if you bring in your own "pimp cup" any size, they will fill it up with the mixed drink called pimms cup.

food
1. vigazz burger is my favorite food item to order because the pretzel bread is amazing.
2. thai spicy vings here are probably one of my favorite wings that i've ever had so i highly recommend getting them.}{hands-down my favorite pizza place in the east valley.  i have been going to sourdough pizza for close to 15 years, and it is consistently delicious.  i grew up in mesa, now live in phoenix, but i make it a point to visit sourdough pizza when i am in the mesa area.  the decor definitely leaves something to be desired, as they are in a stucco strip mall, and their interior probably has not been updated  all that much in the 15 years i've been there.  but i could care less when the food and prices are this good.}{i'm not a fan of ice cream, i just don't find it appealing and it's too high in calories/saturated fat. however i do love frozen yogurt, and ironically it's much less fattening, yet more satisfying. at 25 calories an ounce, golden spoon's is the best around. there have a large array of flavors to choose from and they rotate flavors each month, they also have seasonal flavors such as pumpkin pie and egg nog. you also can get more than one flavor combined. they also have a wide variety of toppings to choose from, from gummy bears to low-fat brownies.

even though their yogurt is non-fat and low calorie, adding toppings can quickly add a lot more calories, i suggest going with chocolate or rainbow sprinkles (adds less than 50 calories), or if you like fruit, go with that.}{phenom. 
the food is always fresh and well seasoned. a good selection of tequila. 
every meal that i've had has been just fantastic. the carnitas and the fish taco's are very well prepared. it's fresh, the beans are fresh as is the rice. 
it averages about $10 a plate but worth it. this is how really good mexican should be. 
the salsa bar is excellent: you have about 5 different types of salsa from which to choose. all freshly made. 
i can't say enough about the flavoring of the meats and fish. 
decor is a somewhat minimalist/modern, probably to attract a happy hour crowd. they have tv's for your viewing pleasure. 
service is friendly and quick. 
i've only been to the chandler location but will start going to the one in scottsdale. 
good food. you won't be disappointed.}{a definite four stars, the focus on fresh food and a great breakfast has build a strong following at this destination location in scottsdale civic center. now that i think about it how can i not give this place a 5 stars theirs way to much creativity and freshnewssness in the fruit, veg and the nectar of the gods, coffee, all packed into one nice bright orange place.  

old town has a few breakfast spots but this is one you have to find.  can i say i hope to see this as a scottsdale yelp "hidden gem."

as for my last meal i had the prosciutto melt and it went past expectations, the fresh basil really added the extra taste.  

service was ok, a typical cafe style, the restaurant does not seek to be over pertinacious, the look is clean and the cafe is a really nice touch with options to order and go.   

so many little restaurants like this keeps me looking for the next one.  don't forget for later in the night az 88 is just down a few steps.  

happy breakfast,
kevin
ps there seems to be some kind of yelp trend, does a hand full of yelps make a difference in a restaurant, does that have a yelp definition when this happens.}{a pleasant place in kierland center, but has gone down hill from earlier visit.  good house wine by the carafe, we had the french merlot.  very inconsistent food quality.  i had the spinach and frisee salad.  the poached egg was overcooked, so no yolk to add the a very dry salad.  no enough bacon fat to wilt the salad properly.  an average quality lamb shank without any evidence of the olives and other seasonings promised.  my friends filet of beef was ordered medium rare and served med. well.  rather dry.  they refused to subsitute for the brussels sprouts, then the waiter came back and said they could do it after all.  desert souflles were ordered by two diners, both were dry and flavorless.  they need to pay more attention in the kitchen.  overall, a very average experience at above average pricing.}{came here and did drive-though to pick up a turkey sandwich and the "man" salad.   the salad was really good!!!!  on a hot summer day, the salad is a perfect choice for lunch!!!}{bring a flashlight. it is so dark inside you can not read the menu. but the waiter was so well versed we just used his recommendations. 

we all had filets cooked to perfection and served on a 400 degree hot plate. they recommend the lobster mashed potatoes but did not feel they were worth the price tag.

the wine list is extensive and expensive.  if you are looking for fancy this is the place but we went after a round of golf and they were very accommodating . 

great special occasion dinner but not your everyday steak joint .}{these are the best, most consistent donuts in the valley.  i was always a fan of the chandler location, so i tried this location as soon as it opened.  i was pleased that the donuts were as fresh and as varied as the other location.

i don't care if people go to dunkin for the coffee..a donut shop is about the donuts, and i haven't yet had any donuts in the valley in the same league as bosa.}{i moved from philly this past summer and i've searched all over the valley for a "good" pizza. after eating lots of tasteless and cardboard pizza, i found momma mia when i moved into arcadia! i love the hole in the wall vibe! just like home :) the sauce is great and super tasty! the dough tastes slightly sweet and is fluffy..it's what makes the pizza so great and there is a brickoven!! i love it! my husband and i order the pizza/wing special .the wings are so hot and spicy ( we order the hot, but it comes in buffalo and mild) they have an extensive menu of pasta, sandwiches and salads. i want to try their philly steak next, but for the time being i still make mine at home. 
every pizza place likes to say its "new york style", but this place really does a nyc pizza. well the best nyc pizza you're gonna get in az, something about the water.}{i really enjoy this course but i am saving the 5 out of 5s for the troons, grayhawks and wekopas of the world.  nonetheless, this is a great, very challenging course and you don't have to drive waaaay up north or east of scottsdale to get there, which is always a great plus.  i remember golf digest did a list of top 25 college courses and this didn't make it, which i thought was nuts.  my only complaint is that the course isn't really as luxurious as the peak season rate would indicate.  also, as the other guys who reviewed this mentioned, there is some fantastic asu swag available in the shop if you are a fan, they probably have every variety you could ever imagine.  haven't eaten there but ted's hot dogs is close enough that you'd be crazy not to go there after your round.}{good, but the salad was not as good as remembered.  still think its a great spot in scootsdale!}{coworker and i met for lunch this afternoon.  restaurant was understandably busy and there was a delay in the delivery of our food.

when my pear omelet with potatoes arrived, it brought mixed reactions. the omelet itself was served hot, and loaded with bacon and cheese.  the potatoes served alongside were still frozen in the middle.   we were unable to catch the attention of the hectic servers to get this corrected. when i brought my plate to the bartender, he poked the potatoes with his fingers, and then asked me if it would be ok if he kept the same omelet, but "throw some fresh potatoes" on the plate.  the server said that, if the kitchen had to remake the omelet, there could be a long delay. 

i could only respond with a shrug. he left and went to the kitchen with my plate. several other people touched and poked the plate and potatoes before replacing them.  he then brought the plate back to me at the bar, and not my table. 

end result - good omelet, mediocre potatoes, below-poor service and follow-up.}{i've been to barrio twice now.  simply put, i do not believe that it is worth the prices that they charge. the first time i went there was with the pseudo boyfriend and he adored his meal, and so i embraced it and loved it.  the second time was last night for dottsy's birthday dinner.  

dottsy and i ordered up the guacamole that everyone raves about.  we were unimpressed, as we had huge chunks of avocado in there and have both made our own guacamole and didn't see what the big fuss was about.  

i've had the enchiladas suizas and enchiladas de hongas and although they weren't bad- they were not amazing.  not worth the 16 bucks, at all.  don't get me wrong, i wouldn't complain about the cost if it tasted like it was worth it, but not so much.

because it was dottsy's birthday, they brought her a complimentary flan which we both agreed was pretty tasty flan.  so, if you are a flan person, this may be a place to check out.  i am not a flan person- too jiggly (which makes me think of what fat looks like on a person's body which stops me from eating it).

the two things that make this place worth going for are the margaritas and the service.  the margaritas are 50% tequila and fabulous- i usually just stick to the house margarita and am satisfied.  the people that work at barrio are friendly and cool.  i imagine that they all enjoy working there.

i don't really ever need to go back to barrio, unless i'm craving a serious margarita served up by a cute hipster.  i'd go for a drink or two and then go elsewhere for dinner.}{now this is ramen! i even ordered it for take out and could tell with my first slurp that it was everything i'd been looking for. complex broth, yummy noodles, all the right toppings...the only thing i would have changed is the pork, which was tough and chewy and not melt-in-your mouth delicious. i'd definitely try again while dining in to see if the quality i'd the pork improved. the rest of the ramen was so tasty it didn't matter! 

also, for take out the service was super quick and friendly. the prices are great, too! i got the ramen lunch special which came with a california roll that was incredibly tasty and fresh, and it came out to under ten bucks for a lot of food!}{beware the latte. otherwise this is a typical circle k. come to think of it, the latte is probably typical of circle k as well.}{food is ok, but service is very slow!}{i adore all of joe's restaurants. that being said, i think this one is my least favorite..(which means it's still better than most of the restaurants i've had the pleasure of dining at in the greater phoenix area.) 
i got the chicken sandwich and it was okay. i think i could have found something on the menu that i would have enjoyed more, but for some reason i wanted to try it. i think i'll have to try the pizza next time, because it looked amazing. the service and atmosphere were great, as per all the joe's establishments. 
i wasn't completely fond of standing in line for awhile to get a table and order my food. sometimes i just want to sit down at a table and have the server come to me after a long day.
that being said, i would love to try this place again...especially for breakfast!}{i've been meaning to try humble pie for a while, and as luck would have it this weekend i was in the right place at the right time and we decided to stop in. 

rumors are true, everything is delicious. we shared the strawberry & gorgonzola salad, which was flavorful, light, and summery. then we split the schreiners sicilian sausage pizza. it was flavorful, spicy, and delicious. i will definitely be back to humble pie when i need a pizza fix.}{lets just set the record straight here. zoe's serves mediterranean just like qdoba serves mexican.

when i say just like the q, i mean the entire experience. walking into the shop gives more of a cookie cutter national chain feel; which is probably because they are in fact a chain of restaurants. zoe's food was average and unimpressive. i did like the hummus though. their prices similar to independent and family operated mediterranean around the valley; in some cases more. i would prefer to visit cypress grill, just up the street from this location, they're my favorite medi in cenpho so far. 

the staff here was friendly, they took our order promptly and served the food within a few minutes. don't get me wrong, the food was in no way "bad", per se. i just can't shake the feeling of "i've had better" when thinking about my experience.

if you're looking to fill your belly with food just because it's time to eat, this might just be the place for you. if you're interested in a great mediterranean meal, i implore you to please try something new. i likely won't be returning, we do live in the city of a million restaurants, go out and choose one! (but don't take me at my word on that just made up fact).

happy yelping phoenix, now where's my hummus?}{great pizza! great food! great service! still, this place isn't perfect....

be prepared to wait! alright, most people seem to know this going in (we did too). however, when you arrive at 7:00pm, and they say you won't be seated until 11:30pm, that doesn't mean you can put your name in and show up at 11...which we almost found out the hard way: **at 10:00pm they will do one last head count. if you're not in the vicinity, soooorrrrry!** luckily we were calling in every hour for updates (which they recommend, btw). at 9:40pm we called and got the news that we better be there for the last head count (information we probably could have used earlier), and had to hurry on back from our meanderings downtown. at 10:00pm we were deemed worthy to stay on the list and wait another 45 minutes or so.

service: the hostess knows she holds all the cards--sort of like the lady at the cash register for the soup nazi. however, a smile was all it took to get one back from her for me. still, i can see how others might misconstrue her attitude as something less than cordial. our server was great though! very helpful and fun. he was as excited to serve us as we were to eat there. good stuff!

the pizza is indeed great! but after waiting 4 hours, i was expecting the heavens to part and birds to sing and the ground to shake. nope. just made-from-scratch, meticulously-thought-out, high-quality pizza. a light and airy, smoky crust, a decent sauce and fresh mozzarella formed the basis of the sonny boy and wise guy pizzas that we tried. the quality and tastiness of the toppings were also apparent. we were impressed. this was absolutely great pizza--one of the best we've ever had. ...i just don't know if i'll hurry back to pizzeria bianco to wait that long again.}{very delicious and friendly! they do happy hour every day which is so great! the sushi is always very delicious and the same with their entrees. i love how close this is to my house. we visit this place quite frequently!}{popped into sol mexican cocina before a movie one night for happy hour.  we were seated quickly, which was great because there was only 15 minutes left for happy hour and we wanted to get our order in before it ended.  our waitress was sooo... nice!  she had a great personality and was attentive and informative, pretty much everything you would want in a waitress.

we ordered everything off the happy hour menu, so i can't comment on the main menu, but the happy hour food was great!  the hubs and i shared the pork tacos and chicken tacos - he loved the chicken and i loved the pork - go figure.  we shared guacamole, which was good, but needed a bit more seasoning.  by adding the salsa, which was served with it, it became quite good.  btw, love the unique "chips" that are served here... some of our had a ton of seasoning and others had only a little - we liked the ones with just a little.  we also shared the empanadas (i think that's what they were), anyway they were really good.

overall, we had a great happy hour experience here.  it thoroughly redeemed my not so enthusiastic impression from the yelp event here (just about the food, not the event).  i can't say enough great things about our waitress - can't remember her name, but she was awesome.  i am sure we will be back soon to try out their main menu.}{i've been hearing about these cheesecakes from my husband and his incessant twitter following and i was really excited to try some of the goods at the market this past saturday.

we finally woke up early enough on a saturday morning to hit up matt's and then peruse the market before it got too hot.  we made our way over to the cheesecake table and then debated between 10 or so flavors.  he had key lime and chocolate chip out to sample and i decided to try the key lime.  i was amazed at how natural it tasted.  there was nothing artificial about it, it just tasted exactly like it should.  these are very good, very simple cheesecakes.  i ultimately went with the peanut butter chocolate chip which is extremely tasty.  there are a bunch of different sizes to choose from, all at very fair prices.  yummy!}{had the signature black chile entree.  it was fabulous!}{a definite favorite in the neighborhood.

the happy hour menu is always interesting and good. in several visits i've never had anything that wasn't delicious, and the beers on special are uniformly impressive.}{great quality. their pad thai with chicken is the best i've ever had. fresh, flavorful, and perfectly cooked. their yupha's fried rice is delicious with the pineapple compliments. their red curry gets a 2 star rating for just being red curry (it's not as creamy, fresh, or flavorful as thai basil on university). it's a neighborhood gem and i'm lucky enough to live right around the corner from yupha's thai kitchen!

also, it's clean, bright, and has an inviting ambiance. it's perfect for a sit in casual dining experience, and even nice for takeout. 

staff is friendly and attentive. 

come here. seriously.}{the best gyro you will have in arizona...
or maybe anywhere.

love the grocery selection.
everyone there is really nice.
and you can buy a bucket of dates for like $6.}{have the owners from here ever even had a bagel from back east? certainly doesn't taste like it, and they charge double what they do back east too. no thanks. the search for a good bagel continues, for now i'll just keep having them shipped straight from nj.}{great white sangria and margaritas!!!  we went for dinner, but ended up ordering appetizers and a pitcher of white sangria. all i can say is the service was great but the drinks are amazing!!!  the tortilla chips  were fresh and homemade.  the ceviche was so tasteful!}{best carne asada (grilled sliced steak), hacienda-style hospitality. a mexican food experience in the theme-park style.

--colorful, tasteful, vibrant ambiance in the country-hacienda style; kudos to the designers with an eye for detail;
--dining room draws natural light from the delightful patio windows to the vaulted ceilings above;
--this place and the adjacent ranch market are a "must-do" for tourists (bring your out-of-towners here);

--don't miss the parrilla (grilled platter); one "portion" serves two; choose three meats and voice your tortilla preference;
--grilled vegetables include nopales (cactus), mexican zucchini squash, jalapenos (consumed whole, took me to five hiccups before my stomach settled), and baby onion stalks (not the typical pile-o-fajita yellows);
--both rice and beans served family style, and perfectly flavored. i could just sit and eat bowl after bowl of those beans;
--juicy, perfectly cooked shrimp; "asada" goodness knows no bounds;
--guacamole is plentiful (no melon-ball scoops of yesterday at $3/ea here!) and freshly made to order; now that's what i'm talking about !!!
--table salsa is spicy with lots of freshly chopped chilis and pureed onions; really good burn;
--try the horchata (rice milk and cinnamon sugary goodness) or any of the featured aguas frescas.
--no fuss over separate checks (and that was for our table of 10!)

--pork was a bit dry; is "gamey" possible in pork?
--server forgot our desserts and we gave up after 20 minutes (shucks! they were sitting right there on the pass!); the manager refunded us promptly and then packaged them to-go.

after so many recent disappointments on rock-hard rubbery shrimp, i finally found a place that grills properly, excellent marinade, and with the freshest ingredients. if you get the impression that you are amidst a food operation staffed by thousands, you are correct: several hundred are working in the kitchens next door making tortillas, cheese, asada, aguas and more!

if you don't have a filthy-rich mexican relative with a hacienda (mexican mansion) across the border, this may be the closest you'll get without an invitation. the mostly-abandoned courtyard is centered with a gigantic fountain, lined with what could be booths for a seasonal market, bodas, or other festival. in the corner a lush garden with a somewhat secret door leading to la sala, the grand room.

don't miss the ranch market next door; you won't see retail food sold in this quantity anywhere else in town. take your camera.}{omg! so good! so fresh! great burger joint. ordered the tri-tip steak sandwich with grilled onions. the steak was tender and perfectly pink. husband ordered the original with fries. the burger was juicy and a good size. the fries were perfectly seasoned and fresh. we split a drink. total bill was a bit over $14. not a bad dinner price. place was empty when we got here at 9:00 on a saturday night but quickly filled up. great service and great food. we will make the habit a habit!}{hands down a great lil joint! gotta get the guac, staff is awesome, way cozy and great food!}{maestro chris bianco whips up addictive sandwiches at his laboratory on central avenue. ingredients are local and super-fantastic. check out what today's market sandwich is -- if it's oven-roasted pork, buy it immediately. don't miss the rice pudding.}{tandoori times

volume 1, issue 1, number 1.  limited run.  copyright 2009, mejimbo enterprises.  all rights reserved.  

dateline 7 may 2009
scottsdale, arizona

    yelpers jim w and audrey w were reportedly seen enjoying lively conversation and delicious indian food with donald s and carin s.  witnesses claim the group was laughing loudly at times.  one bystander reported, "that was a guffaw.  that outburst right there was definitely a guffaw.  wild stuff."

    sources have related to this publication that the group dined on two appetizers, one known as a bread basket which consisted of four types of naan bread.  jim w was overheard to say, "i really like the onion naan."  the other appetizer may have been aloo tikki.  this has not been confirmed as yet.  in any case the plate containing the reported aloo tikki was cleaned by the foursome, several even going so far as to swab at the remaining sauce on the plate.

    the above sources also reported that the table was served an order of the friday daily special of kahari shrimp.  it was overheard by a nearby table that the shrimp was "...flavorful with strong notes of garlic and ginger."  this has not substantiated, however.

    audrey w reportedly was served the lamb korma which she was rumored to have noted was "yummy."

    carin s apparently was served the chicken masala and donald s may have been served some sort of vindaloo that included potato.  it seems there was considerable sharing of the dishes around the table and the main dishes may have been spooned over what some experts have suggested was a basmati rice with various herbs and spices.

    an unnamed source has informed this publication that while jim w claims to have particularly enjoyed the food and festive atmosphere which included a belly dancer and some swordplay, he was displeased with the excessive sound level produced by the in-house sound system and even requested that the music be reduced.

    jim w's blog had a statement this morning that read, in part; "...ears haven't hurt the next morning like that since my last rock concert.  i really liked the food but i wouldn't go back on a night when they have dancing again."}{good drinks, great food, and cool music. there is a stage right behind the bar. we tried the fingerling potatoes in tomato jam and it was fantastic.. i recommend.}{apparently i'm late to the party on this one, but my first visit to sierra bonita grill was last weekend for brunch. i'm hesitant to add another good review of this great place because i didn't have to fight anyone for a table, and i would like to be able get one in the future.

anyway... i'm a huge fan of brunch (and especially of mexican/latin american-type brunches), so i was thrilled to try this place. my friend ordered the verde vaqueros, which are their verison of biscuits and gravy. but the biscuits are no ordinary biscuits, they're green chile beer biscuits (!) with smoked sausage gravy from schreiners. the biscuits were delicious. i could eat them with anything... or really without anything else. my friend cleaned his plate. i got the stacked chicken enchiladas because i'm a sucker for anything with hatch chiles, and they did not disappoint. the sauce was flavorful, and the crispy tortillas were a nice texture contrast to the rest of the dish.

will definitely be back, and would definitely recommend that people check this place out for brunch... just don't take my table.}{we went here for mother's day based on the positive reviews and had a pleasant experience.  good food, good service, good ambiance.  we came back here for father's day and had a very unpleasant experience; the worst display of management i have ever encountered!  apparently our order was never put in from the server or there was some sort of "computer malfunction' they claimed, but we waited at the table for 45 minutes after ordering, no food, nothing.  the server obviously recognized the mistake and kept checking in with us and apologized for the unusually long wait, (did i mention the restaurant was half empty, i wonder why!) and she did offer to comp our coffee drinks.  but the infuriating part was when we finally complained to the manager because we could not figure out why the ridiculously long wait, she came over to our table, did not properly introduce herself, sat down and pointed to the man-held computer system and told us we had only been waiting 15 minutes.  really?!?  you're coming over to tell us how long we have been waiting???  it was so rude and disrespectful, she was trying to argue her point to us which clearly showed that the server did not put in our order immediately which is probably why the server apologized to us umpteen times!!!  it was the most ridiculous display of what not to do as a manager.  i have been in management and customer service for over 12 years and this was clearly a management 101 mistake.  she never apologized or tried to rectify the situation, but when you come out to your customers in fighting mode you really cannot rectify that! 

 needless to say, unless this restaurant starts to provide better training to their managers and team members, or hires a new manager, we will not be coming back here again.}{after smoca opening night, i just wanted to relax with some friends and not go get wasted or have to wait a long time to get a seat at a trendy bar on a friday night. oh yeah, and get something to eat. i had remembered some generally good reviews of drift, had noticed it when going to shows at martini ranch, and really wanted something with coconut (?).

after a terrifying short-cut with a walking gps that i was sure was leading us to our death (or at least led us to dog-shit on the sidewalk at one point), we ended up here with a nice enough door guy. inside i was really impressed. it was a lot nicer than i thought it would be, more sophisticated and while it was tiki-themed, i thought it was very tongue in cheek cool interpretation of tiki (very hard to pull off). 

we asked for a booth and got one near the door (which lead to superior people watching later). our booth was creamy, spacious, left us with no ass swamp, (although the acoustics were a little bad-i had trouble hearing someone two people away) and showed us more intimate tables in very ikea-esqe and mod black leather. this place is surprisingly classy. the giant aquarium at the bar was goregous and if i ended up here with one other person, i would def. sit there.

our waitstaff was extremely sweet, the food (veggie spring rolls, coconut shrimp, and pot stickers) were not that expensive (5-8) and surprisingly good. kristin and i got two orders of spring rolls. we took the longest time deciding drinks-i got the old fashioned pina colada in a coconut shell (yum) and erica got the evil bastard which was set on fire and it was damn potent. i was very giggly the rest of the night. 

looking around, this was not a pick up scence. groups of friends just sat around chatting. on the way to the bathrooms, a small open lounge was dominated by one party having a lot of fun. the bathroom sink blew my mind and i still don't know what sets it off...although my theory is some dude needs to flush the toilet for water to come down and vice versa. i started freaking out in my drunky state, saying "i have soapy hands goddamit! and i'm smart! how does this shit turn on!" wiping my hands on the sink with tiny amounts of water.

overall, a very chill scene with a bizarre assortment of people (bro dogs, homely couples, musicians, barbies, and just regular folks) perfect for a second or third date for a casually romantic drink or two.}{been here several times for lunch and had the pizza. today my friend & i decided to try the sandwiches. very disappointing! i had the roast beef & my friend had the turkey. both were lackluster and smothered with slimy roasted red peppers. if you go to humble pie, go for the pizza (and the happy hour!)}{okay i have found my new favorite "home office!"  i don't have an office for my agency yet so coffee shops tend to be where i get most of my work done.

last week i checked out echo coffee for a client meeting and we both really liked it.  today i returned and spent a few hours working at echo coffee on their wi-fi. it was such a nice break from my usual home office at starbucks.  walking into echo coffee you can instantly tell its a different type of coffee experience.  the environment is very relaxing, music is not blasting so customers don't have to scream over each other, and they have great big couches in the back.  of course atmosphere and great coffee needs to be in balance and it definitely was at echo.

the coffee is really good and love very fair price for the quality you get (my 2 favs are cappuccino at $2.75 and $3.75 for large chai latte).  my chai latte came in a big ceramic mug.  i don't know about you but there is just something special enjoying coffee out of big mugs and not recyclable paper cups.

a surprising first for me is getting actual lunch at a coffee place and was pleasantly surprised to find the food was also really good.  can you tell i am a fan yet?  i ordered a curry chicken sandwich and it was huge and delicious so finished the whole thing.  there was a nice bonus on the plate - mango chutney so make sure you get that if you order lunch at echo.  i would have loved just a bowl of that and bread as its flavor was so good.  i need to find out where they get this from as i want to have it at home. about $12.50 for my huge chai tea and curry chicken sandwich.}{i never got a chance to try the food because i was so turned off by the way i was treated. my family and i will be waiting for a table across the parking lot at the cheesecake factory.}{a-ok is right and the hype is not always worth the wait. i will keep it simple since there are probably 500 reviews on the place.

pros:

great hashbrowns, and made from scratch food

good specials to keep things mixed up

great company and service

cons:

guy up front says a little over 35 minutes but really means an hour and 45 minutes

pricey for some dishes

interesting people around while you wait to get inside (street walkers, etc.)

the fresh squeezed orange juice is enough liquid to maybe fill up a double shot glass

overall i would love to give this place more stars if i could get in there without wanting to eat a finger due to starvation, and leave a bit more satisfied. anyone who has eaten at bryan's in san diego would know what i mean.}{i really liked the experience i had at marcellino's on friday night.  they had opera singers from the phoenix symphony performing which were very good.  i enjoyed my handmade ravioli with spinach and yummy cheese (not fish yay!) filling and the wine and the mouse.  it was good!! 

but then something happened....my date gave the server his card to pay for the meal and it was brought back as not able to be processed (yikes!).  the server also informed him that they'd been able to process someone else's but one other didn't go through.  my date checked his account on line and it had plenty to cover, but had just enough cash to cover the tab, not really enough for a tip.  so he asked the server if they would try to put a lesser amount on the card to cover the tip and take the cash.  this is when the server informed us that the machine might be down and it wasn't just his it was everyone's! so he kinda lied earlier, which wasn't cool.  we then waited another 30 minutes without an appearance by the server to explain what was going on, although i could see marcellino working on the machine, even trying his own card.  my date got up to go speak with him, and the server tried to divert him, but he was respectful and wanted to speak with the owner.  no attempt was made to really apologize for the delay or make up for the wait...so they wrote down his information and address to mail him a receipt.

then, the next day, he checked his account and he'd been charged twice!! :( sad, because i thought i might like to go back at some point.}{this my favorite chipotle ever!!! it's so consistent and good! no hormones in the meat makes this "fast" food an a+ for me!!! yum!!!}{this place is amazing. absolutely legit. some of the best shawarma and hummus in the us (zankou chicken in la is a close competitor). the pita sandwiches are stuffed with delicious fresh meat, traditional pickles, and tahini or garlic dressing (depending on preference). ask for their hot sauce to help spice things up even more. and the jasmine infused lemonade is crazy sweet, but really good. 

i love this place, and have been a die-hard fan for over 4 years now.}{stop everything you're doing and go get one of their brownies, warmed up, with an ice cold glass of milk. i'll never be the same.}{suffered a senior moment today! did the yelp check and thought this sounds good...the drive was very dejavu and then i discovered why....see previous review! lol .....but to update....the volcano appetizer, sedona roll and mochi icecream (which i am becoming addicted to) were all wonderful. our waitress was also fantastic bringing plenty of their delicious iced tea and keeping the ginger bowl full....a necessity for me. the place was full tonight and i can see why. question is will i remember?}{if star of india (soi) is named after the historic ship that set sail from great britain to india then it is best to declare at the beginning that there is nothing worth remembering about this place and there is little that keeps you afloat in the morass of ordinary fare. 

like many other indian restaurants in the valley, the smell of indian cooking hangs in the air and permeates every piece of furnishing. the place does not disappoint when it comes to service, it is warm, quick and attentive. the complimentary papadums (indian flatbread) with homemade chutneys (condiments) is usually the high point of a meal at soi. 

experiences with the order could be as follows: 
gobi parantha (indian bread stuffed with cauliflower)- the real thing is meant to be fluffy and served with butter but the soi parantha resembles a topping-less thin crust pizza. 
lamb korma- the gravy is thick, nutty with a lot of authentic flavours but the meat tastes pre-cooked. 
chicken biriyani- it is difficult to describe the god-food that is biryani but soi manages to serve a new variation which is nothing more than chicken pieces thrown into a mishmash of rice and vegetables. 
disheartenment with the over-priced, sub-standard food could lead to a decision of not ordering dessert. 

finally, as observed in other reviews and the menu, if you visit this place then stick with the tandoori stuff and chef's specialities. however in that case the excitement of an extensive menu will be lost.}{here's the 1. 2. 3...

1. great food. i love hot new mexico style food. good job.
2. they have a little brewery and make 3 house beers. unfortunately, they're all shitty.
3. they could really improve the service. no bueno! 

we'll be back for the food. it might be take out next time though!

4-17-11 update: some asshole who was clearly affiliated with arribas contacted me via private message to slam me for my review. i hope the yelp police find you and pull you off the site. more importantly, i hope more people read my review and stay away from this restaurant. good food folks, just get it to go! to bryan l. and the rest of the gang over at arribas....go eff yourselves! you get one star and no more of my money!!!!!!! learn how to work, kid!}{i love that this place has top seafood plates and choices. the services is hit and miss but once i went in with three friends and we sat at the sushi bar and they saw we weren't getting service they grabbed our order right away. happy hour is good and drinks aren't expensive anyhow so drinkers celebrate! cherry roll (i do it without sauce), octopus, anything with their eels, i love the quality of salmon as well. the best part is that food is served till 2am!!}{this is my favorite haunt. whether it be st. patricks day, before a sundevil game or just a place to meet some friends for a quick drink. gavin and the rest of the peeps are great. the food is the good, whether out on the patio eating bar food or inside the dining room indulging in dinner. 

this place will always be the primary place to grab a guinness for me.}{3+ meals for $10.75? great deal! ask for your meal to go, so you don't have to pay 50 cents for take out box :)

how do you get 3+ meals, you might ask? packing & smushing! first, add some meat, and use the wax paper to pack down the meat all along the sides and the bottom of the bowl. try to avoid empty spaces in between every piece of meat. then add your vegetables, and smush it all down with the wax paper with each layer of veggies you add. make sure to add enough meat and veggies so that your have a flat surface up to the brim of the bowl. add lots of green onions for extra flavor.

i recommend using the wheat noodles, because you can create a taller mountain of noodles and it's healthier!

advice for the sauce: add lots of it. since you're now a packing queen/king, you can't use the recipes on yc's wall, either double up or triple up.

ask the nice mongolian bbq chefs to add pineapples and cilantro, and then when they finish cooking up your food, add some sesame seeds for that lil extra somethin somethin!}{not bad. not super amazing. my cafe rumba burrito was okay, line was moving a little slow but the employees were nice.}{i came, i kiltlifted til the wee hours, caught up with a friend who was in town for a few days and staying nearby. decent enough bar, was able to talk above the music without yelling, no asshatness witnessed and they have kiltlifter. service was attentive, a team effort, yet a bit robotic. they seemed a bit overstaffed, and well , just bored. did i mention the kiltlifter?}{i had thai coffee and thai fresh rolls. it was good. the vegetables were fresh and delicious. plans to visit again.}{delish & authentic! the serving was generous (meat combo fed 2). the injera was good (not too thick/doughy). spicy and yummy. i would like to return and experience their coffee ceremony.}{well.. i love the space. it feels like a fresher, newer lux.  everythings "newer"..that's the only real difference (oh..and it;s 3 blocks over). same varied array of mid-century modern tables and chairs.  original artwork spread thru-out.   i've heard it the same original owners of lux so it makes sense.    even the espresso tastes like lux.. which i don;t care for really.. tastes burnt.  i love my espresso... but not here nor there.

i love the space, its convenient, evreyone was friendly but (big but).. they close at 7pm here's why i find it a problem... .near a big high rise, off the light rail (central and c-back).. so i would assume the majority of the crowd would prefer showing up, having a copa de cafe', enjoy some wi-fi surfing, mingle with friends.. but... how can i if i get off work at 5... i;m home by 5:30... freshen up at home.. it';s now 6.... i walk to  lola... its now 6:15... i order my coffee... it;s ready.. i sit down.. it;s 6:30, i now have 30 minutes to enjoy my espresso read the paper or check my email.  

but hey,,, that;s just me.  

why do i give it 4 stars u may ask... again.. i love the space, the people, the art.. the furniture.. and most importantly i love small local business.


please stay open later! (and reconsider your espresso bean)}{ordered the pork ramen and a rainbow roll. both were great, sushi was like every other good sushi place and pork ramen was tasty and spicey. good service from waiter but the hostesses weren't able to keep up with everyone and forgot we were there and had us wait awhile. other than that, experience was good and would come back.}{the sign also bills itself as 'santa fe style' food. having lived many years in new mexico, with a family - generations of which are from new mexico - the cuisine was decidely not new mexican. it was standard sonoran.

with that said, the meal was quite enjoyable. the enchilada sauce had a nice flavor. the dulce de leche was fantastic. the service was very good. the decor was a little non-descript, but that's ok, all in all, a nice addition to the meager choices for mexican food in surprise.  we would probably come back.

i had to give it 3-stars because of what it is not. if you are looking for spanish food - there is none here. if you are looking for new mexican style-cuisine, you won't find it either. 

however, if you are looking for a decent, enjoyable meal at a local family-owned establishment, this is a good choice.}{my husband and i have been meaning to go in here and see if it was anything like hong kong gourmet, so yesterday for lunch we decided to give it a try. huge mistake! the food was literally inedible, everything was either too cold or burnt to a char, nothing tasted good. we decided to try the desert and the cream puff (i'm unsure how you can mess that up) was petrified and the cream was so gross i spit it out. the smell of the flan actually made us gag, we had such an awful time i complained to the manager. she didn't even seem to care, and gave us 20% off of a lunch we didn't even eat. we were disgusted by this place, and we will never, ever go back. don't do it, you will regret it!}{my wife and i visited lgo a while back and we were both impressed and enjoyed our meal. the wings were by far the best i have ever tasted. our pizza was great, we had the pepperoni and ricotta. it does get kinda crowded and chaotic on weekend nights. the grocery store in pretty cool but didn't buy anything. like a previous review, it did feel like a upscale cracker barrel. all around a great place to eat. also, take a camera so you can take pictures of all the lame hipster clowns that try to make it all about them. they are the only downside to lgo.}{they're really slipping now.  with dinner, you get cole slaw - you can "upgrade" to soup or salad for 2.50 more.  really?  i've never heard of cole slaw being a pre-meal before.  i got the french onion soup, its actually better at mimi's.  they put way too much cheese, the bread is pathetic and there's hardly any onions in it.

the prime rib comes with horseradish - very weak and cut with butter.  never heard of that before either.  luckily i had some sour cream with my baked potato and i asked for some raw horseradish so i can concoct my own.  wasn't the best, but way better than the butter!  

the barbeque chicken was ok.  i've had better at diners.  they didn't really season the bird, just threw some barbeque sauce on it.  at least it wasn't terribly dry...

i don't think i'm coming back to this one.  nooooo..}{this will be a simple post...i love indian food, and this is hands down the very best in az. the chicken makhani is so buttery, so savory...the chicken tikka masala, the best i ever had. service is always good, the food comes out fast. it's not super cheap, since you have to pretty much order everything ala cart, but it is worth it. if you go on friday or saturday there is also belly dancers. when in rome!}{we love this restaurant. it's a family-owned place and you always feel welcome. the food is excellent, especially compared to on the border, etc.

order the guacamole.

a tad pricey but it's north scottsdale, so what do we expect?}{if you have dietary restrictions or are insanely health-conscious (like me), you must try nourish.

this is an amazing culinary experience for two reasons. 

first, if you are looking for exceptionally healthy food or have dietary-restrictions, you have a multitude of yummy choices.  the organic-y menu ranges from special dietary needs (gluten-free, egg-free, dairy-free, etc.) to proteins from vegan to free-range meats.   all foods are well marked for dietary-restrictions.   yesterday, we had a great roasted chicken and hamburger (gf bun--burger was a bit bland and dry but wifey was happy just having meat, since i do the cooking for us.)  the quinoa is quite tasty too.  the sweet potato-avacodo salad is great, as are the fries.  the 'free' cucumber water is very refreshing, to which i have adopted having a pitcher in my own kitchen.

the second reason the kitchen is really cool is that it is a cold kitchen, with no ventilation.  food is pre-cooked in kilm-like ovens, then when ordered, the prep work is to put into 800 degree air-fryers (and yes, no oil is used, it's an air dryer that looks like a jet-turbine engine).  it makes awesome fries and crispy skins on chicken.  some done-ness variation does occur in this process; nonetheless, it works well for restaurants with not exhaust.

p.s.  thanks for the tour.}{the best of the best!

i agree with daren c.  killer burgers, steaks, prime rib and of course ribs.

food melts in your mouth.  make this your next restaurant stop.  you will not be disappointed.}{i used to live off this place. they cut their meats and cheeses fresh like a real deli, so already it kicks the shit out of subway, quiznos, and every other fast food deli chain that offers up pre-packaged meats. their bread and cookies are fresh as well. for some reason, this location has better tasting food than any other port-o-subs i've been to. don't know why.

there's always a long line at lunch, but it moves fast. there's some good people watching to be done here - cops eat here, firemen eat here, doctors and nurses eat here, and you also get the entire spectrum of downtown scottsdale folk... sometimes you would think you arrived at a costume party or they are filming a new village people video. i don't know what it is and i don't know that it matters either, but good looking people eat here. whatever you want to make of that... 

most of the people that work here are really nice and competent. they keep this place pretty clean as well. once i noticed some fruit flies buzzing around by the soda machine and was told they sometimes come with the fresh fruit they get for the smoothies (which are fantastic). outside of that, i can't complain about this sub shop and i eat here all the time... it's almost just about as good as a non-chain place.}{i like these sort of "mom & pop" spots, small and intimate setting.  great pizza!  i always enjoy the veggie pizza with jalapenos, oh so good!  and mu hubby loves the suicide wings, but we've tried almost everything off of the menu and you cannot go wrong.  prices rock too!}{after reading the great reviews and getting plenty of recommendations to try fez, i had the awesome opportunity to test it out last night at my first yelp event and i am in love!  from the bright decor to the delicious food to the amazing service (i mean everyone who works there actually looks like they enjoy their job and are having a good time!) this place is 5 star.  

i love the cozy lounge feel and could easily see myself enjoying several hours of delicious cocktails and conversation with friends.  this would be a great spot for dinner, drinks, or even an event (another yelp event please!).

highlights:
tasty drink menu
fabulous wicker tables and trendy ikeaish style
great part of town
sexy servers...dang

impress someone: take them to fez!}{tried this for the first time today.  while my hubbies french toast was wonderful and the kiddos enjoyed their meal, my biscuits and gravy tasted much like bacon grease and flour.  sending it back and trying something else is what i would have liked to do, but the server never returned to check on us until my family was finished with their meal.  the owner did apologize and asked us to give them a try again.  maybe i will, if the staff gets some training.  everyone seemed completely overwhelmed.  it's too badas i love going out for breakfast.}{people used to rave about this place - i never got it...and i find it interesting that several other folks said the same thing in their reviews.  the parking lot would be full if you didn't get here before 7 pm, the service was always terrible and the crowd was overwhelmingly hipster morons.  yeah, sure - that's better than the popped collar frat boy meat heads on mill ave but not who i want to spend my time with.

this place is for folks with too much to prove.

i'm pretty sure i only went once - maybe twice...i won't be back.}{az88, the cousin of hanny's, brings more glitz and better food selections than is downtown relative.  my friend had a killer salad with buffalo chicken and i had a tremendously delicious burger with avocado, jalapenos, and salsa.  they were able to accommodate my desire to skip the fruit and veggie sides and go all waffle fries for me.  when i asked for dipping sauces beside ketchup, i got three choices.  i would only complain that their water glasses are far too small, especially for some of their spicier dishes.  i think the expectation is that you have cocktail to help you wash away some of the heat.  speaking of their cocktails, the martinis, which i have had on a different occasion, are quite good.  this place definitely provides for an evening out and makes you forget that you live in phoenix.}{yes, it is small, yes, it takes time to get your order, but the quality of the food serve is excelent !!! celina is the name of the owner (not selena) of this fabulus resturant.  she takes your order, runs to the kitchen and then she serves your order too. i wouldn't say that this is a one person resturant, because she has help in the kitchen.  
very few mexican resturants in phoenix serve food as good as this one. the menu is limited but whatever you order you will not be disappointed.}{if you like beer, you'll love papago.   they have a huge beer selection and the prices are very good.  when ever i'm in scottsdale, i make it a point to visit them.}{service was horrible and food was mediocre at best won't be going back}{la grande orange is great......at certain times! i used to work by there and the curbside pick-up is fantastic. other than that? i find myself hesitating to go there now because of the atrocious parking situation. this place is an absolute zoo on the weekends and when i can't find a parking spot by the restaurant, i find myself parking in the surrounding neighborhood worrying that my car may be towed when i come out! 

needless to say, their homemade english muffins are amazing. i really could just survive on those happily for the rest of my life. the grape preserves on the side are fantastic as well...and i don't even like grape preserves! that, paired with their coffee, makes for one of the best breakfasts in the valley. and, if you're splurging? go for the salted chocolate chip cookie if they have it. it makes me happy just thinking about it. :-)

this place is great if you have a weekday morning available to come here..or an hour or two on the weekend. the little shopping area is great to browse around - when you can figure out a way through all the people in line! don't get me wrong..the food is fantastic. i just like a little more relaxation on my weekend than fighting through the hordes just to get that amazing english muffin. it's worth it, but then i just feel tired.....annoyed. and that's really not how i want to start my weekend off. 

if you can....call in the order for curbside pick up. that way, you can enjoy lgo without the frustration of finding the mythical parking spot, standing in a long line (albeit trendy) and searching for a table with everybody else so you don't have to eat the wonderfulness standing up.}{can't go wrong with an iced gingerbread latte, hot waffle with nutella spread and free wi-fi - especially shared with my beautiful wife. :)}{refused to call me a cab because i had a phone.}{yup, i'm reviewing a gas station. i like the quiktrip chain in general and this station in particular.

i find quiktrips to generally be the cheapest gas in town. sure, the arco sign down the street might say it's 2 cents/gallon cheaper, but then you get whacked with the atm surcharge, not to mention there's all those bums loitering in the adjacent bus stop.

with quiktrip, the place is well lit, there's always a trash can and window squeegee at every pump, the convenience store is better than most, and unlike most other gas stations, they don't charge you for the air compressor. oh, and the person at the register will actually greet you when you step inside the door, while managing to sound sincere about it. is that the coolest thing for a convenience store or what? 

bonus: for those of you who enjoy shopping at the hot chick safeway down the street, this is the hot chick gas station.}{a perfectly good place for a chill friday night dinner. i absolutely loved the atmosphere. matta's has an upper level where every table is set up like a balcony over looking the main level, it feels like your in a courtyard. the only thing it's missing is an open look at the sky. there was also a mariachi band playing during the night which added to the appeal. and to make things really cool (at least to me), they did a mexican version of the godfather theme song. loved it! 

the chips and salsa came out right away. the hot had a kick to it, but wasn't very flavorful. the mild was excellent, but i prefer my salsa hot. i tried combining the two, which was only okay. the menu isn't really anything special. it's a lot smaller than most mexican restaurants, and is loaded with the standards. my girlfriend had a chicken burrito which she enjoyed. i had the chicken fajitas, which were good as well. the food was good, but not great enough to make me run back out. 

the service was excellent. our waitress was on top of everything despite the fact that we were on the upper level. we watched and felt a little bad as she had to run up and down the stairs (she usually took the stairs that weren't as visible, but you know what's going on) to get everything for us. i could imagine that if a server were having a bad enough day, they would just make people up there and wait. 

we just randomly chose matta's because we happened to be at mesa riverview. i enjoyed my experience there. while it's not a place that i'm dieing to try again, if someone suggests mexican, and we're nearby, i'd recommend it.}{not impressed. beer was cold, but bar keep was disinterested in assisting us, atmosphere was drab, place was small, and the to go order was terrible! there was no bbq the day we were there and i just wasn't feeling the place. 

my hubby and i have been missing this place since it closed its original restaurant in cave creek. we heard it moved to phoenix and we found it and went there this past week. unfortunately, it was nothing like the old, hopping, smell good, smokey, fun filled environment of the original sf. 

i can see that they have a lot of regulars and the barkeep knew everyone that walked through the door, which to me,  was very cool, but it just wasn't gelling for me this night i suppose. 

we ordered the deep fried green chili's and there was soooo much batter  on them, i had to really concentrate hard to find the chili. i ended up peeling all of the batter off of the chili's just to get a small bite. icky. 

i would give this another chance just because i hate writing a bad review. so, after the holidays, may check it out on a friday night and see where it stands then, also, i will hope that when i arrive next time, the smoker out back is kicking and there is some real bbq to be had.}{here last night with friends. we had to wait a little longer to be seated than i would have liked but we were a party of five so i understand. once we were seated service was quick and pleasant. we shared a couple of the flatbreads to start, so by the time we ordered entrees i was already pretty full and went with a salad, the strawberry balsamic, which was delicious and just made me feel all ready for summer. we were there quite a while talking and enjoying our meal, and the staff never made us feel hurried although it was a pretty busy night. we tipped well enough that i don't feel bad about taking up space for that long, that's something i always make sure to do in that situation.}{tried going there for my 1st visit and they were closed during hours they were supposed to be open.  have tried calling them a few times during normal business hours and did not get anyone to pickup.  they may be closed for good.  not sure.}{i just love chipotle. fresh, yummy, spicy (if you want it to be). and the restaurant was clean a huge plus! my personal fav is the chicken burrito, no rice, no beans w/ fajita veggies, pico, cheese, sour cream, and lettuce. guacamole and hot sauce on the side. so delicious!!! the person who did our order was so nice! it was my friend's first chipotle experience! she was impressed by how big the burrito was. i'm glad i only live a few blocks away... because i will be back.}{great drinks!!!

good atmosphere

fantastic food (the bbq chicken pizza is a must)

nice people to conversate with

what is not to like?

oh yes, the creepy guy that kept staring at me. oh well, he will not be there next time i go...i hope :)}{this location has been so many different restaurants in the past few years and now there is finally a good one! it's basically a fancied-up paradise bakery with better food, bread, and condiments. oh and better prices too. i had a small chipotle chicken salad and a small tortilla soup and that was a good amount of food- with a drink, for only $10.58. the soup was great! and they let me sample several kinds before making my decision. i also loved that they had at least a dozen different kinds of hot sauce bottles on the wall that customers are free to use as they please. i tried three because i like to bring the heat and because they were available.  

my only complaint was that the dirty dish bin was overflowing even though the place was super slow. can't someone handle that? its gross to have to move other people's dirty dishes around in order to fit yours in there. ts seems like an easy thing to fix- someone pick up dirty dishes every couple of hours or something.}{tucked in a quite plaza in chandler az, is an un-assuming, little thai restaurant with big flavor. despite the lack-luster curb appeal from the outside, the inside is quaint and clean. 
get things started with some spring rolls. the sauce isn't mind blowing, but those 6 dainty morsels of fried goodness have got some real flavors goin on. (especially when dipped in your curry)
i recommend their signature dish, "thai basil," for those who haven't been here before. 
i prefer an extra spicy, kang-dang (red curry): your choice of meat, simmered in coconut milk with bamboo shoots, bell pepper, broccoli, carrots, green beans and thai basil, served with jasmine rice.  

i will say, some menu items are hit and miss. so don't judge this place based on one dish you don't like. (you can find something you aren't going to like on every menu across the country). 
friendly service, fresh ingredients, and an authentic "je ne sais quoi," earn thai basil 4 stars. "i'm a fan." 
eat well, live well, and surround yourselves with ones who do.  - cheers}{we arrived at us egg on st. patrick's day at 10:00 am before the a's vs. giants spring training game and only had a wait of 15 minutes. not bad to start! promptly seated we were brought a pitcher of water and ordered our breakfast. the denver scramble is delicious! my husband ordered the hash & eggs - reasonably priced, quick service and a ton of food to start your long days off right!}{their food was great! i had the pancit, lumpia, and that purple rice! the price was not bad for the amount of food that they gave you!

even though they had a very long line they were still very fast with service!}{we were staying at a local hotel and used online ordering to feed our crew.  the ordering went smoothly and the pleasant surprise was the food arrived early and warm.  we ordered two of their usual pizzas and one of our custom orders.  could have had a few more toppings on one of them, but overall nice value and timely service with warm food.  we looked for the specials on-line and save a few dollars.  worth the time to do so.  would order again.}{my family and i love this place. yummy food, great service, kid friendly, rarely a wait, great prices, nice beer selection, food always comes out hot, and people around you are having a good time. the boneless chicken with raspberry barbecue sauce is so so yummy!}{finalmente!!!

andiamo....

food
--------
appetizer: fritto misto, which is a trio of fried appetizers. for the day, ours included a cheese, a stuffed olive, and whole leaves of broccolini. the cheese wedge was great (i wish i remembered what it was), and have you ever had a deep fried veal-stuffed olive? very interesting. the flash-fried broccolini took a little getting used to, since the leaves kept crumbling as i was trying to eat them, but still tasty, if subtle.

main: orecchiette alla puttanesca. man. this is the real deal. orecchiette is the "little ear" pasta and "alla puttanesca" means it's made "whore style". 

and what a beautiful, classy, yet very vibrant whore she is.

the pasta was cooked just perfectly, and even though puttanesca sauce usually goes with a stringier pasta (spaghetti, linguini, etc.) it worked really well with the orecchiette. 

and the sauce. holy mother, this streetwalkin' hussy of a sauce with its 12 ingredients: capers, breadcrumbs, anchovy sauce, garlic, olives, basil, olive oil, and, uh, the other 5. the flavors were a perfect, clear-heeled harmony. nothing overpowered the other. subtle and humble home food. it really tasted just like something my italian friends' mothers would cook in their kitchen.

as for the servings, when i first got my bowl i was thinking, "oh ok, this is a european serving. i'm still going to be starving after this." and, um, nope. why? because i slowed down. i savored my meal, and took my time with the dish. and by the end, was i hungry? not at all. i really enjoyed this meal. and the serving was just right. complimentary packs of long breadsticks are also found on each table. 

service
-------------
very friendly, efficient, and willing to go through the menu in detail and answer any more questions about the restaurant. dishes were brought out in a timely manner and there was never any rush after the meal was completed to clear the table. 

and the mood inside pastabar was palpable. everyone looked happy, excited, and relieved that the restaurant was finally open for business. and i felt the same for them. 

setting
-------------
i would say the space was just the right size. not a cavernous place in the least. probably the same size as sens, maybe  even a little smaller. it's tucked away in the very back of the hallway of the building, so much so that i completely missed it when i was in the hallway the previous afternoon looking for it. but i like it a little hidden off, actually. 

the colors inside are warm, with a modern bistro feel. no windows looking outside but i didn't mind that. there is seating at the bar, a few two-tops up front, and larger tables in the back. selections from different shins albums made up the soundtrack throughout the dinner, and while the music sounds like it could be incongruous with a bunch of little ears cooked whore-style, it worked. 

i definitely don't think this is going to be as "scene-y" as sens. it has a completely different vibe. 

extra crib notes
-----------------------------
* the main courses of pastabar are pasta and only pasta. no veal parm here. and no hoikey sauces like olive garden-y alfredo or a jar of sugary prego.
* it's great
* prices for antipasti range from $7-$11-ish and mains $11-ish to $18. i spent around $26 with tax and a nice tip.
* it's great
* no liquor license (yet). for now, sparkling waters, lemonades, a number of sodas (including root beer & cream soda). 
* it's great
* complimentary valet awaits the diners, if you're averse to parking close by yourself.
* it's great
* it's open till midnight on weeknights and 2 am on weekends! what more could you ask for?
* did i tell you it's great?

all in all
---------------
an awesome asset to the area and i'm very content. and as much as i loved my whoreish little ears, all the other pastas on the menu sounded incredible and i can't wait to try them all. 

i'm wishing these guys much success and giving them gratitude to finally being open. a few minor kinks to be worked out (and i wasn't as into the appetizer as i was my entree) so it's not totally perfect but they have started out very strong, and it's only day 2.

and here i was thinking my days of giving out 5 stars were over (ok, more like 4.55 and rounding up)...}{if you've read some of my other reviews you'll see a trend. 

kohl's department stores.....brewers spring training...... 

yep, i'm a cheesehead. (but if you ever actually catch me wearing a hunk of fake foam cheese on my head, shoot me. really.) 

what can i say? i like culver's. it reminds me of home. it's total comfort food. 

got one of their wisconsin swiss melts. what other fast food joints offer burgers with swiss on rye? the crinkle cut fries are always hot and fresh. and tasty. 

culver's is known for their frozen custard. what wisconsinite has not driven past a culver's, looked at their sign, checked out the 'flavor of the day', and gone, "hey, that sounds good!!", and quickly pulled into the parking lot? 

if you're from wisconsin or the midwest stop in for a butterburger and some custard....it will bring back lots of good memories. 

like another reviewer noted when he said he felt like he was in iowa or something.....well.....that's the whole charm behind culver's. you do feel like you're in wisconsin or one of the upper midwest states. 

granted i'm not the best person to review culver's....i'm a little biased towards it. but if you want a 'different' kind of fast food experience and you've never been to the upper midwest, it's a heck of a whole lot cheaper than flying there. 

give it a chance....see if you like it.}{my husband surprised me with a stay-cation at the westin resort for the weekend and we ate here on our first night!

let me just say, i love muddled drinks, i am not a fan of cosmos or martini's or anything that just tastes like strong alcohol - blah! for me stronger isn't better, flavor and uniqueness is better! this place has by far the best muddled drinks i have ever had! if you just want to go for drinks they have this cute little drink bar right before you enter the restaurant - separate from the main dining which i thought was nice. the decor is romantic latin! i love it! 

we started our dinner first by receiving these potato rolls. omg where have these been my entire life!!!!???!! they are just fall apart in your mouth good! we both ordered mambo mango drinks - stellar! we then got the tres ceviches (lobster escabeche / mixto clasico / ruby red tuna) the lobster was the best! but all very good. however the crab empanada was my favorite! yum!

my husband got the jidori chicken and myself the adobo pork. both were good but not great. too much seasoning on my pork. to me this place is a must go to for drinks and small bites. i would have given this place five stars but the entrees just didn't do it for us. however, it was not horrible - just okay. the rest of our experience with dinner - service, restaurant ambiance, overall feel and all of our food and drinks before the entrees was amazing! so we will be back just for a more small bites and drink night!}{ok, yeah, everyone loves teriyaki, we know!

well, don't so quickly dismiss the other absolutely amazing dishes served here!  it may look like a little pre-processed japanese hole in the wall from the outside, but they're a die hard home-made mom and pop your mouth full of great food establishment!

i'd highly recommend trying the katsu bowl! you can hardly find any kind of japanese katsu in az, yet they have an excellent one that's very traditional, but not too expensive! i'd love to explain the mystique of this dish, but too many people think that fried egg with onions and leeks topped over a diced pork cutlet that's coated in panko bread crumbs is too strange to be palatable.  well, to them i say you should educate your tongue, and expose it to some delicious culture! 

there's also orange chicken... this dish is completely the bee's knees. it easily and without remorse makes panda express look like a burnt out oil can that a homeless person decided to cook some chicken in over a pile of burning newspapers.

their house beef? spicy garlic brown sauce and beef with mushrooms? heaven.  simple and delicious.

and i haven't even mentioned their coup de grace yet.  their fried rice might seem a little "heavy" on the surface as it's lightly fried with some garlic oil, but it outclasses all competitors.  paired with their lightly fried shrimp, it's sweet garlic love.  seriously, their fried rice is the sean connery of fried rices.

as i've been eating here for far longer than i'd like to admit, i'd have to say i might be a little biased.  but, for the great unique quality and cheap price, i guarantee you're not going to find any better in az!}{from the outside the place looked alot busier however, not a bad place to go for lunch on friday afternoon. especially when it's close to 1pm as the place was pretty empty. my coworker order brisket tacos and they came out stuffed with tons of brisket. she said they they were very good and i will take her word for it as they looked pretty tasty. now me, i am not an enchilada person however the enchilada de avocado sounded pretty good as it had two of my favorites stuffed in in, avocado and artichoke. i must admit that it was pretty good. i only finished a little bit of it as i had filled up on the warm chips and salsa that was served when we sat down. yum. 

so why only three stars? well it's actually 3.5 stars as although the food and the company were great, the service was a little off. like i said the place was empty and yet our server either forgot about us at times or was busy doing something else in the back. nicole, our server was sweet enough but still.... hmmm. oh well no biggie. it was empty and we did get in and out in under an hour but not 5 star worthy. will i be back again? probably as the food was pretty good. heck the chips and salsa alone are worth giving it another shot.}{enjoyed sitting outside and the barra viejo shrimp dish.  i didn't find anything "to die for" but it's good.  more importantly it was a nice evening and i enjoyed the experience very much.  my waiter was very laid back and friendly.  i didn't feel rushed and was able to have a relaxed dinner.  case in point- i'm usually a one-drink girl, but i had 2 that day.}{i am not a beer drinker, so this is not rating the beer, but the food and atmosphere.

1) atmosphere: sweet - great patio and nice bar scene inside

2) food - pretty good for bar food

3) hit it up if you are in tempe, its just one of those places you need to go}{i've been here a million times and usually have lunch at the bar.  this is the classic french brasserie style restaurant.  with a nod to balthazar restaurant in ny's soho this is a fun place.

this visit i sat at the bar and had the curry chicken sandwich on toasted sourdough.  i think that toasting the bread on any sandwich makes it better.  the sweet curry flavor make this sandwich a winner.

sean may be the best bartender in scottsdale.  he is always friendly and very efficient.

definitely stop in here the next time you're at kierland commons.}